id_comment,author_comment,body,ups_comment
mzi0sle,Soalai,"Having an ""ae"" in your name needs to be banned. There are simply too many. People will forget which one you are and struggle to tell you apart. Future pop girls and/or people having baby girls please take notes",1.0
mzghgkw,Impossible-Yam3680,my emotion anniversary post got taken down,6.0
mzg5cfi,cinnamonpretzel1989,took a bit but Hammer is really clicking for me,5.0
mzfw59l,gateway2glimmer,"Ah, yes. Eight years later, *Ctrl* has finally clicked for me.",6.0
mzfkoqs,blu-brds,"THE THUNDER GOT A DANG RING HECK YEAH!

Sadly the parade is in the morning tomorrow during summer school (which I can't miss any more of due to trying to save up for when I switch to my new job), plus they're expecting half a million people??? at least???

I keep struggling *really* hard with signing up for classes at Crunch (I pay for the highest tier membership so I can choose classes at any location) and then canceling because I psych myself out. I was gonna go to a dance class tonight but it was 60 minutes and that seems like a long time? There's a yoga class tomorrow night I'm trying really hard to pep talk myself into going to, because yoga is my favorite even if I'm so out of practice it whooped my ass last time.

I'm actually wondering if in July, when summer school is over and I can work full days at my office gig, maybe I should take that time to go to the classes I want and can't ever go to - because the majority of their best classes are during the morning hours, because clearly none of us have jobs we need to go to or anything lol. If I did that though, I'd have to work more days of the week to offset the lost time... but I would enjoy getting to go to the classes I've missed all summer so far.

I finished We Were Liars last night too. I read the book and I was BIG mad about it last year when I finished, and this series was super corny at times, like not prestige TV by any means...but I'd be lying if I wasn't just blown away emotionally when I finished the last episode. 

What TV shows should I do next while I have this extra summer time to watch shows? I started Paper Mario trying to game more as well (while I have time lol) but that's more of a 'when I'm bored thing' because the beginning is sooooo slow lol.",6.0
mzfgwlg,leavingthekultbehind,Is gone girl a good movie?,6.0
mzf94ni,Hopeful_Book,Y'all give billboard too much credit,9.0
mzf8axk,Bikinigirlout,I actually don’t hate “stomp clap” music. It reminds me of High School.,9.0
mzf412a,queenmeme2,Why am I so stressed about work this week when I already know Friday is my last day! I don’t give a single shit about this job anymore so I shouldn’t be so stressed out about making sure I get everything done 😭😭,6.0
mzezq77,2062373,"Just found out the beat to Ariana Grande’s Nasty was originally meant for Tori Kelly.. now wondering, when are we getting a FULL r&amp;b album from Tori? She knows the fans want it!",3.0
mzezh3w,stealthamo,"Always interesting to see what movies flopped based on the excess popcorn buckets/drink cups my theater is still trying to sell.

For reference, I saw stuff for The Lord of the Rings: The War of the Rohorrim, Paddington in Peru, Captain America: Brave New World,  and Snow White.",5.0
mzeusc3,oOWalkingOnAirOo,I can’t even begin to talk about the Supreme Court ruling. We’re so fucked.,1.0
mzetq9q,bespectacIed,"I have such a tasteless, awful joke re: sabrina in my mind rn that makes me feel ashamed i even thought of it",2.0
mzerxy8,Bikinigirlout,"I’m sorry but Trump can’t start a war, then claim victory when they stop bombing for 24 hours and claim a ceasefire deal. What is that nonsense. 

This is giving Mission Accomplished and tweeting through it",7.0
mzerwip,shipperondeck,"People who are in a relationship with a streamer/vtuber, how involved are you in their online stuff? I'm not sure if I should be involved and talk to my partner's chat, just ignore the entire thing, or do something in the middle. My partner is neutral on what I do, but it's leaving me clueless bc I have no idea how streaming culture works.",1.0
mzeqt59,Haunting_Natural_116,"Does anyone know what the total runtime of overcompensating is? Now that I’m off school I wanna watch it, but it would have to finish it in a day so my homophobic parents don’t find out.",2.0
mzem9wb,oOWalkingOnAirOo,So 28 years later… what do we think? 💭,2.0
mzej51z,ginganinja2507,jeanie ER let's get married!!!!!,4.0
mzeiwa8,C1nnamonLover,Why is The Loneliest Time Carly’s best album and also why does it have that fuck ass Thanksgiving cover😭 it’s such a summer album,4.0
mzegdpu,Fractal-Infinity,"What are you listening to right now?

Me: Magdalena Bay - Mercurial World (the whole album). Current song: Secrets (Your Fire).",5.0
mzegd0u,EJB515,"Not my very niche post on a very niche subreddit flopping. For anyone into second wave emo, I thought it was cool that Jimmy Eat World recently [told the story](https://youtu.be/idHDTmrsVE4) of meeting one of the members of Jejune back in the late 90s. (It involved the guy wearing his own band’s merch, lol.) 

Anyway, stream the Jejune/Jimmy split (which is probably only available on YouTube.)",4.0
mzebzgz,Fair-Profile-8367,"I took one look at that songwriting post and am not looking at it again for the rest to the night. It’s fine now but I have a feeling it’s gonna turn into, lyrics = songwriting, and nothing else counts. Melodies, Harmonies, Structure, Arrangement etc. are all part of Songwriting.",14.0
mze60zv,Bikinigirlout,It’s so hot today. It’s almost 90 and it’s supposed to be this way all week + rain 😅,6.0
mze5av7,oOWalkingOnAirOo,I’m just chatting away as the weather apocalypse happens outside,3.0
mze1t0c,relibee2,currently melting at six flags ama,9.0
mze07te,visionaryredditor,"listened to emails i can't send for the rate and i think the album is good but it's clear Sabrina made a big leap after this album, Short n' Sweet just hits different and feels more confident",5.0
mzdy6d0,PastaSupport,It's sort of incredible how the modern right wing movement evolved from video game journalism.,14.0
mzdx6zc,Fair-Profile-8367,"I’m only 30min in but the KPop Demon Hunters movie is unironically amazing! The animation is great, it’s really funny and the music is so catchy. Bobby is also mood.

Also the TWICE mention on the top ten chart list made my ONCE heart so happy! Especially when they played Strategy in the next scene. Edit: There is also a poster of them later on!",7.0
mzdua7t,mustwinfullGaming,"I listen to like so much new music each week but it's rare that I come across a new artist I like sadly. I did however see Luca George opening for Peach PRC and wow I was gagged. He's so good. Love his music. Plus he was hot as hell and I'm marry him I'm not that basic I promise

Like, he's based in New Zealand, me in the UK, it can work right? I'm not being delusional? He doesn't even know I exist but I have a chance.",2.0
mzdt31n,kerriekipje,song of the day and 174th addition to my 2025 playlist is **Gabriela by KATSEYE.** This has really grown on me lol,10.0
mzdo288,SiphenPrax,Did Cardi make her announcement yet? Or is she doing her stupid troll shit again?,3.0
mzdmf7b,kaylakoo,"Oh God, delayed jet lag. 😩 Couldn't even try to fall asleep until 5 am.",4.0
mzdde4l,Ghost-Quartet,"Mild NSFW warning but I &gt;!finally posted a new story on my gay porn tumblr and it flopped. 😔. Perhaps it was just a little bit too high concept for the masses, but it does pmo a bit to be out here busting my humps to produce interesting, quality works while other blogs are posting AI generated shit and getting praised for it.!&lt;",16.0
mzdb7yz,hennybee,Today I realized Alex Warren is the same guy from the TikTok influencer competition that Drew Gooden made a video about 🫠,12.0
mzd686x,ItsGotThatBang,My stepmom’s being unreasonable again 😑,10.0
mzd5zrq,DisastrousKelper,Sometimes you just gotta start your day listening to the music you liked when you were 14,20.0
mzd5qp6,[deleted],"Well, listening to the Fossora title track while on a bus ride is certainly an intense experience.",7.0
mzd4ofx,SocialBuffoon,"Anytime a stranger likes one of my letterboxd reviews I feel like a little genius, until I remember the review is something along the lines of ""lololol males leads should've smooched"".",5.0
mzd4c9h,leavingthekultbehind,Can someone tell me why ppl keep saying Addison Rae is racist,4.0
mzd0g8t,EJB515,"I’m not in any comics or sci-fi fandoms but dealing with some of them must be so annoying.

I was watching my favorite press junket interviewer  (Sharronda from Pay or Wait) talking to the cast of Iron Heart. And there were multiple comments about how the show (which has not been released yet) is a flop. And then of course some racism about the character being a “sassy Black woman.” And how Marvel is ruining everything.

Getting that mad over a tv show you haven’t even seen is dumb. They’re not taking away previous iterations of Iron Man from you.

I deal with music snobs (including people *still* trying to get me to like Pavement) but “nerd” fandoms seem far more toxic.",9.0
mzczjrn,SiphenPrax,Iran just attacked a U.S. military base in Qatar,9.0
mzczib4,DilemmaOfAHedgehog,"Americans!! [Sign the petition](https://resist.bot/petitions/PYHBRH?channel=apple) and also call your reps to vote no to H R 1 bill! Protect medicaid, our public land from being sold, and no money for ICE",9.0
mzcze0n,agarret83,When I’m in a “parking on the street in the worst possible spot” competition and my opponent is a landscaping truck,3.0
mzcz9lu,xxipil0ts,finally listened to erika de casier's new album and wow i actually like this one more than i did her previous album.,6.0
mzcvyjq,noetshep,"- I received this old radio for free, super heavy. I just tried to use it yesterday and it works!! And the speaker system in it is so so good!!! So now I have to start collecting cassettes lol. Although it's also nice to listen to the radio because there no like, algorithm. Also there's a recorder built in inside and I'm not sure how to use it yet but this is the lost exiting thing that happend to me lately


- my former teacher invited me to a walk in the park and it ended up being four hours long. It was so good. I love him so much and he asked to meet this week also. I can't believe we are actually friends like it wasn't just me projecting ",3.0
mzcv0lr,lonely_coldplay_stan,"Most people didn't realize that Ryan Tedder was an asshole until he degraded protesters for not honoring the military enough

But I knew he was a bad egg when he said Tate Mcrae was the best dancer in the music industry",8.0
mzcr3h7,GraphicgL-,"We are finals champions!!! Hated how it started, all my love to Hali but… wow",7.0
mzcp8ij,SignedByMilpool,I got super lucky this weekend and was able to snag a Switch 2. Now I'm absolutely overwhelmed because it opens the door to play about a dozen games in my backlog that I quit halfway through due to performance issues. Low-key I'm a clown because it's not like I had time in my schedule to play them regardless 😮‍💨🤦‍♂️,4.0
mzcp27b,stealthamo,"Tried to get a start on the Disco Bibles rate after the Ult Rate finished up. Within two songs my comments had references to The Full Monty, Ned's Declassified, Looney Tunes, &amp; Super Mario Kart. I'm still not sure if it was a result of the excessive heat or the Internet completely ruining my brain (probably both).",3.0
mzcobl7,Astrid323,"Got back into Project Runway after a couple of months...by that I mean just watching season 10 lol. I think it's the first season I watched, or rather the first one I really remembered (namely the candy challenge). I still enjoy, though ngl there are times where I enjoyed imagining what I would've done as a contestant on that season rather actually watching the episodes in full. Fuck Ven, idk if he still has a career but if he does god bless whoever works for him or wears his clothes. I still feel awful for his client, she didn't deserve that at all (the fact that he stayed over Nathan is a crime, his outfit and especially his attitude were infintely worse than Nathan's imo). 


On a lighter note, that fairytale avant garde challenge could've so much more interesting. Especially the Artsy Muse, I felt you could have done so much with that one. You could have reference different forms of art in that one. I was thinking this over the top surrealist kimono meets filipiana coat with it being covered with different patterns from Japanese and Filipino art painted on. And then like a David Bowie inspired bodysuit underneath (think his work with Kansai Yamamoto) with different musical motifs or something. Yeah it might be unrealistic to do in 2 and half days, but still. Also the blood orange meme, idk why but I just never liked Melissa (I just found the whole ""I'm so different and avant garde and I love black"" schtik annoying so I agreed with Christopger calling her pretentious).


Idk what I just wrote but yeah, these are my scattered thoughts on PR season 10.",5.0
mzco4q6,McIgglyTuffMuffin,"Fellas, I lost today.

This week’s Last Week Tonight wasn’t just on AI. It was on “AI Slop.” 

My current candidate for least favorite phrase in the world. John, why did you betray me like this? Why did you subject me to this phrase over and over again?",7.0
mzcncp1,cosmicsuperstargirl,just a random thought but i really have to go back to the czech republic sometime in the relatively near future if not for the food. i was there for like 5 days and got addicted to bageterie boulevard so that was basically all i ate and i regret not trying more local food,3.0
mzcmmyb,cloudbustingmp3,crush got to go to the Musée d’Orsay AND see Beyoncé yesterday and I am both very happy for him and also jealous (but mostly the first part)! he also sent me pictures of artwork he thought I’d like which was very nice 🥲,9.0
mzcmm39,rosesandrecords,last night's love island dumping has me heated. who keeps voting for ace and huda bc they need to stop,2.0
mzclzsj,StrangeMercy-,"Caroline really should just skip the hassle of getting this stuff up on streaming services and printed into physical media, and just move straight to the part where this shit gets injected directly into my veins. ",3.0
mzclyie,NFLGod3000,What music do you put on to set the mood? Early FKA twigs for me....,3.0
mzclbhi,bluedietcola,"It's lowkey embarrassing to be a fainter 😭 I'm getting my flu jab soon and I can only go to places that have a bed (harder to find than you'd think) because I need to lie down as they jab me and if I faint I twitch and scrunch up my face and it looks awful. I'm not even scared of needles but whenever i get jabbed my arm just goes completely numb and feels like it's on fire so maybe I have horrible pain tolerance.

Also I haaaaaate Onedrive and hate microsoft for forcing it down my throat. It's more trouble than it should be to turn it off.",8.0
mzcl0np,Special_Art_9216,"need ww3 to be postponed until i see bey and gaga in a few weeks, plz and thx!",2.0
mzck473,Fractal-Infinity,"Now that this so called AI became better and better at making new music that resembles existing artists' music, I will not trust any music released post mortem ""from the archives"".",6.0
mzcjxj6,xo_acrangel_xo,Some of the Lorde snippets going around sound so good omfg!!! I’m so excited!,4.0
mzcisy4,uiscebeathaoir,"First listen of new Benson Boone album and lowkey I'm kinda here for it. It's not amazing or anything but baseline I enjoyed most of it. Hoping the 2020's can give us at least one new main pop boy who sticks.

Speaking of main pop boy, I also listened to Prince's Come and goddamn that man never misses",5.0
mzcis50,COCKHAMPTON_,If Lorde does a pre release event this week I hope she does it in a city that knows what deodorant is,12.0
mzcippf,Fractal-Infinity,St. Vincent's [Big Time Nothing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWW4tFuzxGE) is such an amazing pop/rock banger. Hard hitting beats &amp; bassline. Basically NIИ for the masses.,4.0
mzcf00b,DilemmaOfAHedgehog,"I hope Zohran campaign having signs in yiddish and videos in bangla, encourages more campaigns in multiple languages 

I really love that DocumentedNY news outlet has news in english, spanish, mandarin, and Haitian creole :) and not as common but very happy that africa is a country often has articules and news in french and portuguese",11.0
mzcevnu,oOWalkingOnAirOo,I think if I’m not totally out of it tonight I’m gonna watch *dirty dancing* just to remember most women are gonna die/ suffer greatly from abortions now again. What a world we live in.,0.0
mzcet7r,queenmeme2,Supposed to see *Materialists* today but it’s also 100° outside and I’d be taking the bus since parking at the movies during weekdays is $42 lol. So we will see!,5.0
mzceaw7,JORDY_NELSONS_ASS,"Had a bit of a gender moment this weekend at Summerfest:

Being in the bathroom surrounded by women ten times prettier than me, wearing super cute outfits, kinda made me feel like a Lesser Grade of Woman at first. I’m not super into fashion, don’t dress super feminine, I don’t wear makeup, etc. But then one of those girls in the bathroom complimented my Midwest Princess hat and I was like. Oh, yeah. That’s what girlhood is about. The women’s bathroom being the great equalizer. Everybody has your back in there. 

Thank you for coming to my Ted talk. I am now more sure than ever that I’m going to love Lorde’s new album.",24.0
mzcdmbm,oOWalkingOnAirOo,"*I can dream about you*

*You know how to hold me just right*



The 80s spell hasn’t broken. It’s amazing what being able to control what music you listen to does for you. I remember working through high school and college in this place that would only play 80s music and I wanted to die. They just didn’t know the right songs for the most part.",8.0
mzccug1,backupsaway,I'm so confused at the number of employees in my office's reception area who are filling out a survey for a free mug with the company logo on it. Do that many people not have enough mugs at home? Maybe I don't find it exciting because I just have way too many mugs at home. We have an entire cabinet shelf full of mugs waiting to be used aside from the ones already out for everyday use. I don't think I'll need to buy a mug if I break anything in the next coming years.,8.0
mzccu3s,Senn_Kyu,"Still on my Supernatural non-chronological watch. Today I'm watching the Weekend at Bobby's episode because I love Bobby sm.


Tangentially, I think I've seen most of the show's meta episodes and I gotta say that SPN seems to always nail them?? Especially the one with the all-girls school Supernatural musical. Like, there's so many ways to screw up a concept like that but it was actually so good. ",3.0
mzcbeet,sweetbabycoconut,my mom talking to me about rfk 😭,7.0
mzcapfa,runaway3212,Lowkey highkey entropy is my favourite physical property because it truly describes nothing even close to tangible and yet it’s responsible for like all of our understanding of the universe (exam season is bad you guys I need to pick favourite physical properties to keep me from going insane),6.0
mzc9g07,NewAccountNow,I wasted my decant 😭😭😭 I got it for free after the discount but wtffff,3.0
mzc9f7f,visionaryredditor,"V-Tubers interviewing big time Cinema People ^TM still feels such an alien concept, like that video of Korone interviewing Danny Boyle and Alex Garland is the most unhinged thing I've seen today",8.0
mzc90gj,bv0198,"Attended a friend's wedding last night, very beautiful reception and super happy for my friend who is truly the most selfless dude I know. Hoping the rest of my friends wait until I am outta grad school to get married, cuz seeing friends start families while still being a student is humbling as hell",5.0
mzc8v5p,Razik_,"(Sue me IDc)

- I luv the smell of KFC
- I luv the smell of petrol",10.0
mzc8ldw,kimpernickel,Day 4 of nonstop bumping *I quit*,6.0
mzc85hu,Bored-uy,"I'm not an artist, but it must suck to be one and being accused of using AI for making mistakes. 

Like, if I knew how to draw you bet I would fuck up the hands lmao.",16.0
mzc7p5x,JORDY_NELSONS_ASS,"I’m gonna be honest with you guys, every time I see folks posting about Zohran Mamdani in the NYC mayoral race, I misread his name as Zofran. He should consider adding “free access to anti-nausea medication” to his platform tbh.",7.0
mzc732m,SiphenPrax,I love that Lorde is basically now an official New Yorker to the point where she’s telling everyone in the city to go vote for Zohran Mamdani to be our next mayor on her Instagram page. God bless our alt-kiwi New York City resident!,8.0
mzc6s21,cosmicsuperstargirl,all these new lorde variants and i can't even be mildly pissed at the capitalism because none of these vinyl are available for me to purchase,2.0
mzc6lrl,dazzleneal,"Anybody just had Man of the Year just CLICK randomly on a sunday evening? I think it's her delivery of ""You met me at a really strange time of my life"" that hits really hard for some reason.",8.0
mzc5g7y,ambitiousbulbasaur,"I'm not getting any physicals until I hear (and like) the album, but the Sabrina vinyl variants are quite uninspired I fear... the most intriguing one is the Target exclusive and even that is just pearly white. Like Sabrina please could we get a swirl... or a splatter... do like ""spilled wine"" variant and splatter some maroon on that pearl I'm begging",7.0
mzc476f,once_was_poison_ivy,"seriously, how fucking difficult is it for my roommates to take their clothes out of the dryer as soon as (or even shortly after) they’re done ",3.0
mzc3vb4,ketchupsunshine,"I love watching random youtube videos and they're like ""and as we all know, \[beloved thing from my childhood\] is universally regarded as shit and garbage"" and I'm like damn I'm glad I was too busy at age 6 riding my bike to see internet discourse about which Mario Party games sucked that's crazy.",13.0
mzc3i8l,eunhadior,got the internship i wanted 🤭,26.0
mzc37qp,Fractal-Infinity,Happy 2 years anniversary of The Good Witch by Maisie Peters!,7.0
mzc2wlo,SiphenPrax,"Hey guys, just two quick updates on my Number 1s Hot 100 Retrospective. Today there won’t be a post and tomorrow will have Monday’s post. I’ll also post on Wednesday and Friday like I normally do. The posts will actually all be at 12pm EST this week.  Next week it’s back to the usual M.W,F schedule with posts happening at 10:30am EST.",5.0
mzc1xg4,Straight-Meaning,Lorde snippets sound amazing!!!,6.0
mzc1n4d,Restless_Dill16,"I spent my morning listening to Alex Warren's EP (is it an EP or an album?). I know y'all don't care from him, but I really enjoyed it; it reminds me of the country music and folk-pop I listened to growing up. The love songs are cute, but the songs about his late parents and the closing track got me choked up. I'm a sucker for a song where the artist talks to their younger self. 


As much as I enjoy Ordinary, it is the weakest of the 12 songs I have heard from him. If he was going to get a number-one hit, I would rather it be Burning Down or Bloodline because they're more interesting. I hope the enjoy the rest of the album when it comes out next month. 


I want to root for him the way y'all root for Addison Rae. I'm just praying he doesn't pull some Ned Fulmer/Adam Levine BS. ",2.0
mzc0un8,mustwinfullGaming,"I've spent a lot of time arguing with incels and anti-feminists and the like online, and on the one hand I think some people have to challenge their rhetoric so it doesn't just spread unchecked, but on the other I'm like...why am I doing this to myself? Am I just wasting my time and energy and mood for this? Idk, maybe it's time for me to touch grass a bit more too.",18.0
mzc07ay,cosmicsuperstargirl,rebecca black vinyl is finally shipping! really excited for this one to come,5.0
mzbzum0,agarret83,Side note summer is by far the worst season. I can always add more layers in winter but the weather right now makes me want to crawl out of my own skin,34.0
mzflbyr,ImADudeDuh,"
Rank|Song|Total Points|Number Ones|Total Listeners
---|---|---|---|---|---
7638|PAW Patrol - PAW Patrol Good Pup|8.0|0|1
7638|PAW Patrol - PAW Patrol on a Roll|8.0|0|1
7638|PAW Patrol - PAW Patrol Opening Theme|8.0|0|1
7638|PAW Patrol - PAW Patrol Pup Pup Boogie|8.0|0|1

[Full Chart](https://www.logpasta.com/paste/d6475d31-ac44-4738-b57b-2c2126de8fbb) [Full Chart 2](https://www.logpasta.com/paste/e6c9414c-a427-490c-837e-9b38a563e2ff) [Full Chart 3](https://www.logpasta.com/paste/c5e6e854-aa73-4a2f-b021-68fc160c83eb)",25.0
mzfm7u3,RandomHypnotica,"**Your five takeaways for the week!**

* A very stale week with not many changes, although **Manchild** climbs up a position to #2. The highest debut this week is Zara Larsson's **Midnight Sun** all the way at #21.

* ARTMS' comeback project *&lt;Club Icarus&gt;* is less of an album bomb (compared to the stability of *Addison*) and more of a firecracker, charting 5/6 of it's tracks lead by **Icarus** at #23.

* After 20 consecutive weeks, Tate McRae's **sports car** departs the Top 50 for the first time. It's not all bad news for Tate though, as this week marks her 24th consecutive charting week, a new record for her! The previous streak ran from September 25th, 2023 - February 26th, 2024.

* **One Of My Bedbugs Ate My Pussy** marks the return of Cupcakke on the charts, as it's her first appearance since [March 7th](https://honkai-star-rail.fandom.com/wiki/March_7th), 2022 (172 weeks ago). The other debuting songs this week were Twenty One Pilots - **The Contract** (#25); Mark Ronson - **Suzanne (feat. RAYE)** (#34); ILLIT - **Billyeoon Goyangi (Do The Dance)** (#45)

* With another week in the Top 10, **Diet Pepsi** moves up to a 4-way tie for 7th place on the [Top 10 leaderboard](https://www.reddit.com/r/popheads/wiki/index/charts#wiki_most_weeks_in_the_top_10). This knocks the 3 songs it was previously tied with (Charli XCX - Von dutch, Camila Cabello - Havana (feat. Young Thug) and Taylor Swift - Lavender Haze) entirely off the leaderboard. Another charting week also moves the song another spot up the [most charting weeks leaderboard](https://www.reddit.com/r/popheads/wiki/index/charts#wiki_most_weeks_on_the_chart)",17.0
mzh7jdj,ziirp_,New fear unlocked; they choose to highlight my personal top ten in the week I decided to let loose💀,16.0
mzfndfs,SiphenPrax,LMAO that title,13.0
mzfv55z,dream_fighter2018,Dude you’re so right about Wouldn’t It Be Nice,8.0
mzhd6fy,Alternatively_Listed,Not paw patrol ,7.0
mzfp5eb,Careless-Wrap6843,"See when you release one of the best pop albums of all time, you gotta expect some staleness on the charts",12.0
mzkcn0b,Are_You_Knitting_Me,"lmao feeling that paw patrol. my #1 song by a long shot is ""white noise for babies loopable""",4.0
mzpm2gw,anybagel,This was an unhinged week for me to get picked lol. I was busy on vacation so barely listened to music except Haim on the plane and then paw patrol/Chappell for my toddlers.,6.0
mzgf8is,AutoModerator,"**Please do not comment on just the scores without any further explanation. Comments that refer only to whether the score too high or low, or are along similar lines will be removed**

Please report any comments that are low effort discussion. Thanks!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mzggxpm,Technical_Process989,"""While I consider that, luckily, there are myriad other issues to address with *American Heart*, starting with its cover, which looks like the movie poster for Zach Snyder’s lost [Bruce Springsteen](https://pitchfork.com/artists/4053-bruce-springsteen/) biopic. For a guy who told [*Rolling Stone*](https://www.rollingstone.com/music/music-features/benson-boone-beautiful-things-new-album-american-heart-1235288819/) he doesn’t “want to rely on my physical form to be the primary driver of my shows,” it’s interesting that he’s here on the cover, abs chiseled from marble, seemingly having just rescued the American flag from a big fire at the symbolism factory.""

Zach Snyder comparison is so funny",1575.0
mzgfd5p,buddhacharm,"&gt;Benson Boone’s flair can’t make up for the fact that his songs aren’t very good and that he lacks a unique point of view.

This being the review summary alone... LMFAOOOOOOO",1467.0
mzgg1ah,PurpleSpaceSurfer,"&gt;Boone’s music is an invasive species in the garden of good taste

Jesus. That's brutal.",2437.0
mzgig8b,Strong0toLight1,moonbeam icecream,436.0
mzgnz0d,2RINITY,"&gt; Looking at the cover art and title, you'd think maybe one idea about America-good or bad-might factor into American Heart in some way, especially because Boone referenced Springsteen as a touchpoint for this album. But these songs are American insofar as they do not evoke a specific time or place and have nothing really to say, so they are just hegemonically American by default. It's not even cloying in the way that Beyonce waving a flag on her album feels a little cloying, or Post Malone carpetbagging into country music feels a little cloying. When Boone sings on the title track—a song about a near-death experience in a car crash when he was a teenager-repeatedly about his ""American heart,"" there's none of the ironic distance of ""Born in the U.S.A."" or even the national pride of ""Sweet Home Alabama."" Boone is just a 22-year-old from Monroe, Washington, and, thus, American, who has a heart.

&gt; It’s a step removed from the genuine article: music for people who like how music sounds, but not for people who like music.

SOMEBODY STOP THE DAMN MATCH",408.0
mzgfxyg,SiphenPrax,"&gt; Boone’s words come out in one impressively earnest register, like his forefather Ed Sheeran, and the long line of buskers before him. There’s nothing here that says Boone is ready to enter the pantheon of the real showmen, no more than the thousands of other guys singing, dancing, and backflipping for you on Instagram Reels.

Damn that last sentence 💀",861.0
mzghj98,Borindis19,"&gt;I wonder if Parker is haunted by the bouncy bassline of Boone’s “Mystical Magical,” not unlike how J. Robert Oppenheimer is haunted by his actions.

Jesus Christ this is a brutal take down.",641.0
mzghpco,trillary__clinton,"This review is so so brutal but it is also so, so very funny. A scathing review that also manages to make you laugh gotta be top three worst nightmares for a musician 😭",618.0
mzggnnf,leavingthekultbehind,The man is not getting any room to breathe from the critics is he?,330.0
mzggbr8,Impossible-Yam3680,You know it's bad when even 143 can outscore you,439.0
mzgialy,SuccotashNo335,Peppa Pig outserved,183.0
mzgiml5,RegisterOk2927,"Wow in the past week I have agreed with the opinions of Tucker Carlson, mtg and pitchfork. Truly trying times",270.0
mzghemx,Pretty-Control-1387,"“I wonder if Parker is haunted by the bouncy bassline of Boone’s “Mystical Magical,” not unlike how J. Robert Oppenheimer is haunted by his actions.” 
💀",225.0
mzgfz33,popping-poppers-71,143 being higher than this is crazy,199.0
mzgjd0f,COCKHAMPTON_,on his birthday too damn,119.0
mzgkx7s,IcePopBandit,"I have to be honest, this record really, really disappointed me. I think Benson Boone has a lot of potential and he could definitely be a force to be reckoned with, but man, this was such a bland album. I really enjoyed Sorry I’m Here For Someone Else so I was looking forward to the rest of the album, only to find out it was basically the only decent song on the entire record. I like Mr. Electric Blue but it’s definitely lacking lyrically, and everything else was just incredibly forgettable and half-baked. I don’t know if I’d score the album this low, but it definitely is in the 4.5-6.0 range. His debut album was miles better, and even that was just okay. The lyrics are the biggest problem. The production on some of his songs is really great and has the foundation for a hit, but lyrically sometimes it’s just so bad that it kills the entire song, which is unfortunate since he has a great voice and seemingly great concepts for what he wants to create.",58.0
mzgn5lq,Three_Froggy_Problem,"I do worry that Boone is just going to become the latest whipping boy whose material gets constantly shit on because everyone has already decided they dislike him.

That said, I don’t like him either. And I’m not saying that this album deserves better (I haven’t listened to it so what do I know) but the more hate he gets now the more it’s basically guaranteed that in ten years we’ll all be talking about how he’s “misunderstood.”

I do think a big part of the backlash against him is due to how he’s clearly riding his good looks and physical performances and the music itself seems secondary. There’s very much a vibe that this guy figured out how to commodify himself, that the stuff he makes is not really art but just a product.",192.0
mzgpe0v,satirisanti,Well… hopefully those moonbeam ice cream crumbl cookies sell well,26.0
mzgj09i,Kuradapya,"I think he and his team need to recognize that we’re in an era that values lyricism. His music leans heavily into melody, but there isn’t much depth or substance to engage with. He has a decent voice, and the enthusiasm is there, but the music lacks a strong sense of personality.

The music video for Mr. Electric Blue tries to tap into a quirky, offbeat style similar to someone like Sabrina Carpenter, but the music itself doesn’t match that tone or deliver on the kind of humor he’s aiming for. His lyricism feels surface-level, with no distinct point of view or identity to connect with as a listener.

He and his team need to take the criticism seriously and figure out what kind of personality or artistic brand Benson is meant to embody. That clarity should then inform the writing and production of his music. Right now, the album feels less like a cohesive artistic statement and more like a mood board someone puts together before they actually start creating something real.",190.0
mzgqan0,shenmiya,"I don’t think the album was THAT bad. It wasn’t my favourite but I also don’t think it’s worse a rating lower than KP’s 143. 

I really hope that he isn’t discouraged to strip down after the hate from listeners/the general internet lol and if anything takes into consideration the criticism to develop his music

“man in me” is definitely one of my favourites of his despite not liking the album as a whole and it feels like a mix of him responding to the hate while being a meta love song. 

would probably rate this album a 4-5, maybe lightly pushing for a higher 5 but don’t think this album deserved a 3.7 lol",72.0
mzgmpgc,Gustav1513,"As someone that enjoyed some songs from his first album (cry is a standout for me) this was such a letdown. He has a nice voice, he can project emotion, but his songs have zero need for that. The one song I actually felt he meant what was being said was momma's song (imagine if he managed to make that song emotionless tho) and I think we have Evigan to thank for making it better than other album tracks. The other tracks are generic in sound and lyrics and worst of all, boring. Weirdly I feel like his voice + max martin in the helm of production and songwriting would actually be interesting.",34.0
mzgq7x5,Dakota1401,i laugh at these reviews and then i think about it and i feel bad cause i genuinely would wanna die if someone wrote this about an album i released,34.0
mzgrwq3,thecdiary,damn now i feel bad for him,23.0
mzgj57z,wavingwolves,"honestly, one of the best recent p4k reviews. it got that old-school catty spirit and manages to be funny while plainly underlying what are the problems of this guy's music and image. i cannot say i disagree with it at all and i imagine that even if i did i would still have chuckled at some of these lines",79.0
mzh5tu0,MCleartist,"This boy is so frustrating since he clearly has the vocal ability to make deep-cut 4-5 minute songs. I like Wanted Man but IT'S SO SHORT, just like his entire discography, all songs left me hanged there after it's over.

At this point, he needs to choose between improving artistically or sticking to making ear-worm bubble gum bops.",11.0
mzgrwwk,Gracies_Reedit,"&gt;I wonder if Parker is haunted by the bouncy bassline of Boone’s “Mystical Magical,” not unlike how J. Robert Oppenheimer is haunted by his actions.

jesus christ 😭😭😭😭😭",33.0
mzgy7rz,Astrid323,"All I could think of while reading this review was that moment in Emperor's new groove where Yzma was insulting Kronk all the while the angel and devil Kronks were just reacting like ""wow, she really went there"".


""Boone’s music is an invasive species in the garden of good taste"" was like their equivalent of Yzma insulting Kronk's spinach puffs lol.",18.0
mzgm4l2,HeWantsTheRain,"Okay Halsey, you can lay down the planes... For now",30.0
mzghqc2,Lumityfan8,Actually kinda agreeing with that basement right now,44.0
mzgphnc,KINGSAGAL,Awwww I feel bad for him ngl,44.0
mzk45xk,Morten505,"The tone is unnecessarily harsh, even though most of the points are valid. However, how is he worse than Morgan Wallen, who received a 6.4 for his last very, very, very long album? How exactly the 75 songs on the same 2 themes (country living and booze) Wallen's released over the past 4 years are more authentic and good taste than this ones? This has been Pitchfork's major problem for the past decade. There's a complete lack of editorial policy imposing consistency in ratings between critics. Particularly when it comes to pop, the discrepancies are significant and unjustified. All it takes is for a critic to be a fan for all objectivity to be thrown out the window.",12.0
mzgl2qv,BronzeErupt,"I read the comments under the Mr Electric Blue video and it's all fans being like ""he's super talented and he doesn't take himself too seriously"" and I just feel like they have a protective bubble to shield them from Pitchfork",28.0
mzksq9t,blushdreams445,"My honest review as a Benson Boone fan 

Positives 
- sorry I’m here for someone else is my favorite song and the snl version is peak 
- I like the songs. I think most of them are pretty good. Electric Blue, Man in Me, Wanted Man, and Young American Heart are my favorites that I haven’t heard before. 
- Momma song made me wanna cry which is good 
- all of these songs would be great as singles 
- I liked the ending of Take me home 





 Negatives 

- The Main Negative: there is no through line. There is no theme. I guess the theme is being a young American but I want more. 
- The problem with this is that the songs don’t go together. (Hence why I said they would sound good singles). 

-idk how I would reorder the songs but I was thinking about it and momma song and electric blue wouldn’t fit :( 


Also, I think that the Benson Boone hate is overblown.",7.0
mzhokjp,IntelligentFact7987,"The more of a pile on there is on him the more I have sympathy for Benson Boone. He’s clearly the designated artist it’s fine to pile on at this time when really his ‘crimes’ feel small fry in comparison to those who’ve been piled on previously.

Plus I’m clesrly suffering from Stockholm Syndrome as the ‘moonbeam ice cream’ line makes me chuckle at this point and do awful impressions of it. It’s clearly a memorable line and no less cringe to me than say Jack Harlow name dropping a Shrek character. ",29.0
mzggo8e,kingdomofposeidon,"I was looking forward to this album. He is a great vocalist and I love sappy dramatic songs like Ghost Town and Beautiful Things - didn't care for his backflips, but as a vocalist too, loved hearing his stripped down vocal performances. Maybe I should give the album a chance..",43.0
mzgz7su,No-Document-932,This music is for 4 to 10 year olds and if you listen to it with that in mind it’s actually pretty good,15.0
mzhk3is,hellomoto_20,I thought Momma’s Song was lovely,4.0
mzhphky,curlypancit,"Here’s my thoughts on all the songs individually.

Sorry I’m Here For Someone Else - Indifferent to it. Idk but I cringe at the 2nd verse “Benny don’t do it, Benny don’t do it”

Mr. Electric Blue - I enjoyed this. I also loved the music video.

Man In Me - Fine. Weirdly reminds me of Flowers by Miley and New Light by John Mayer. Definitely inspired by that sound.

Mystical Magical - Catchy, slaps, moonbeam icecream. Good decision to make it a single. Best song in the album.

Reminds Me Of You - Sounds like a Sailor Song Tiktok Song. It’s okay..eh.

Momma Song - From all the Mom-centered song I’ve heard, don’t really feel much about this one but props for his vocal performance.

I Wanna Be The One You Call - Still pretty simple lyrics. Okay key change? Damn his voice is high. Really will not be for you if you dislike his screechiness. Felt like it ended too abruptly.

Wanted Man - Remember Youngblood by 5SOS? And Mercy by Shawn Mendes? But more synth. Feels like a mix of these songs. I don’t hate it though.

Take Me Home - These type of slower songs are not for me.

Young American Heart - I know people might hate because of the title but I think this is a nice sweet song. Good closer. Fitting that he’s 23.

Overall: Lyrics are stuff we’ve already seen before but it wan’t as bad as I thought from the reactions and the brutal critique. I’d give it that the album stayed on theme. It’s “inoffensive”but this sub acts like it doesn’t eat up inoffensive stuff from other acts, and you’ll only really pile up on it when big critics trash it first. I can’t see a world where this and Halsey’s latest album is rated worse than 143. It’s like they lowered their standards to Katy more even though she’s been in the industry for a while. I’d genuinely give it a 5/6. If he was as under the radar as Niall Horan and he wasn’t so piled up upon I’m pretty sure it would not net this reaction.",8.0
mzgke8k,buizel123,I think there’s a way to critique a record without being mean and pitchfork’s negative pop reviews always border on bullying territory.,73.0
mzhlmgs,relientkenny,his music just ain’t for me but clearly he’s gotten big enough over a single year where he can do a full arena tour,5.0
mzkce2i,JosephAPie,"maybe it’s all just supposed to be fun silly goofy dorky music, unless he actually thinks he’s the next Freddie??",4.0
mzjh2mg,MikeOfMichigan,"The Benson Boon hate seems so forced. I don’t like his music, but he is just kind of doing his own thing. It’s not for me, and that’s fine.",10.0
mzh5qgk,Cakeliver12887,Of course it's this low this man only Started singing four years ago. So my question is who on his team allowed this man with no vocal training to be thrust so high up in the industry when he hasn't honed his craft in. He really should've been given the opportunity to hone in his craft away from the spotlight. Give him some time,7.0
mziphig,bekindbewild,"While it’s all a bit amusing and warranted, I do hope he has a thick skin to withstand this. The way everyone piles on him is a bit brutal and I can’t imagine being in this position.",6.0
mzgtfna,katycat162534,Okay I gave the album a listen and it's not THAT bad. I found most of the tracks enjoyable. I feel like production wise it lacked a little but the melodies were fun. Is it a 9.0 worthy album? No. But it's certainly much better than 3.7. I am going to play it for a while.,16.0
mzgof9u,lunahighwind,Comparing it to reality TV stock music lmaooo so good,11.0
mzhh8jx,DifficultCucumbers,"Don't worry, Benson. SUV and mobile phone commercials need music all the time!",9.0
mzgyn85,0ztralian,"""the baby with the noise side project"" emily montes??? 😭😭😭",5.0
mzioznz,citycouncilorknope,"I am neutral to positive on Benson Boone but man, these reviews make me feel so protective of the guy.

Criticism doesn't need to be this snarky!!",8.0
mzggr2b,The_Beast_Within89,"Booners, we ride at dawn!",28.0
mzgzdm6,Disastrous_Mud7169,Fuckin yikes,3.0
mzhxcy6,OKRRRRR,Idk who he is but kinda intrigued now lmao,3.0
mzi4utr,brndn41011,Well at least he had one hit song. More than others lol,3.0
mzhmig4,Windy_Idealist,Dear god Pitchfork is a clown show.,10.0
mzhemck,LateNightQueerdo,"I don't know, maybe it's because of age but I can't hate this decades whipping boy like we did with Imagine Dragons, Nickelback or The Black Eyed Peas. I don't like the music, and I can't stand the Midwest Emo Christian Belting - but we've got better things to listen to. Let Benson have his moment, because that's all he'll ever get before he turns into Lukas Graham.
 


'member Lukas Graham?",5.0
mzkub0h,WellAckshully,"I listened to this album while working. I liked it? Admittedly, I paid very little attention to the lyrics, just the overall sound. It was pleasant to listen to. 

I hate how much everyone hates this poor kid, lol.",6.0
mzh64nq,itwashissled,pitchfork cares more about engagement baiting than actual critiquing. this is slop written by a regina george wannabe but people here dislike boone so theyll enjoy it.,15.0
mzi3fuo,SecretBox,"Do people really like these kinds of reviews? 

I've never been the biggest fan of Pitchfork, primarily because I never understood how they were taken seriously as an actual outlet. Even in the best of times, the scores are often wildly different than the actual meat of the review, but these insanely snarky and-quite frankly-shitty screeds always just read as borderline edgelord material.

Add to that how many losers I've met in life who clearly lifted all of their taste from Pitchfork and have no idea how to talk about music outside of trying to be the funniest comedian in the room, and anytime I see any of these go viral I just feel tired. It's one thing to shit on shitty racists like Morgan Wallen (which they won't even do) or Kanye West (who was still receiving relatively neutral reviews as recently as Donda 2), but far as I can tell, all Boone (and most of the artists who get the patented Pitchfork treatment) did was make a cringe album and attempt to have stage presence.",12.0
mzimpmm,Drexl92,"The forced hate these days is so tired. When this guy first made it big people said things like ""Every generation needs their Imagine Dragons"" - He's FAR closer to Harry Styles. Not nearly different enough for the level of hate he gets in comparison.",9.0
mzgqlc3,justarandomuser97,Benson Boone thought “cuteness” and “abs” would sell his extremely mediocre songs. But it’s been done many times before….,12.0
mzhbw0j,Justin57Time,"I can't have listened to the same album as everybody else because I don't know how anyone listens to it and thinks it's bad. The production and melodies were so pleasing. It was a very enjoyable listen, I don't care about all this negative narrarive people have built around him.",9.0
mzhzs01,droobidoobidoo,"American Heart is nowhere close to my AOTY but I don't get why everyone is clowning on him so hard! Did I like the branding and album title? Nope. Do I think it's kinda mid? Absolutely! Is it the worst thing I've ever heard even this year? Absolutely not. 

I feel like this was mean for mean's sake when he genuinely wants to learn from his mistakes and grow as an artist. This album shows potential and passion! Let the poor guy live and go bully people who deserve it like Morgan Wallen and Drake!",12.0
mzdok7x,hekna02,"Pre save on Spotify shows 23 tracks and yes, WAP and Up are included they're the last 2 tracks on the album.",857.0
mzdr5va,clawsinurback,"First Normani, now Cardi…perhaps R9 is within our sights after all",237.0
mzdqaux,Lliddle,"Genuinely crazy to me I finished school, university, a year travelling and got a job in the time it between her releases.",725.0
mzdpehb,PtakPajak,Scarlet Envy is fuming somewhere...,624.0
mzdpex2,teegzn,The title is reminding me of the bebe rexha song,139.0
mzdpdf6,winkynoodles,wap and up are included ... dua lipa impact iktr!,220.0
mzdpz2c,pianotat,"Idk I'm not the biggest fan of the cover art, it looks kinda cheap-ish but it might grow on me, idk maybe it's just me lol

Edit: Saw the alt cover and I definitely prefer that more but like neither of them are bad just not great since Cardi is know for interesting visuals, still hyped tho",118.0
mzdprqw,Treehouse326,"7 years in between the last one. She should have a lot to say, a lot of new sounds to try etc Excited to listen. Is that new song Outside on it?",56.0
mze41n2,meets_motto,SZA in the comments said “lemme send this verse.” So that’s one confirmed collab.,52.0
mzdrixx,lookingup9,Scarlet envy impact,46.0
mzdp9uu,Frajer,I'm the drama it's me,57.0
mzdpo21,thelastcrescent,"I wish the title was as strong as Invasion of Privacy, I feel like she could have came up with something stronger as this title sounds like an overused TikTok catchphrase. Still excited for the album though!",136.0
mzdq4ov,GomaN1717,"Can't wait for Elliot Grainge to treat this as yet another album that he *totally* spearheaded to ""save Atlantic"" lmfao.",22.0
mzdtrqd,schmerpin,"So we're definitely getting some more singles, a video for Outside... Excited to see what she's cooked up!! No Enough (Miami) on the album though? Love that one 😭",20.0
mzdpmfn,cloudbustingmp3,"ignoring the ugly ass artwork to say FINALLYYYYYYYYY  

not even getting my hopes up too high about the quality at this point, but she’s been fairly consistent with her droplets for the most part so im also not too worried.",105.0
mzdpiga,thepopulartable,I NEVER THOUGHT I'D SEE THE DAY OMFGGG,29.0
mzdqf3e,glittermantis,she herself looks great in the photo but what in the conan grey is that cover art lol,30.0
mzdu9zt,taylordabrat,Adding a 5+ year old song to a new album is crazy but I get it lol,13.0
mzdsi1d,bv0198,Cover looks like the sequel to Moira Schitt's *The Crowening*,10.0
mzdpe22,ss2811,"Can’t believe it’s finally coming. September feels far away though, although it’s only less than 3 months so feels like a long enough rollout.

I can’t believe WAP and Up are added though, despite WAP being 5 years old now 😭",53.0
mzdu9mm,godknowsitried11,How have all her single cover arts over the years looked so expensive and this &amp; the outside cover art look…. I don’t even think cheap or low budget even begin to describe..,8.0
mzdvkyv,Therealitypage,"Pretty decent cover art and album title. I won’t lie and cardi knows it’s true, this needs to be good or people will talk. 7 years to release pressure and I rlly hope that’s what we are getting on this album. Let’s go.",9.0
mzdyime,360Saturn,Just 'Drama' would've been stronger... get your coin Miss Scarlet,11.0
mze8vbv,Ponichkata,I moved in with my boyfriend; got engaged and married to him; switched jobs twice; bought a house and about to start trying for kids since her last album.,11.0
mzdq2k9,christopher_aia,The deluxe will be called Am I the Villain?,22.0
mzdqop0,rosemaryrouge,A NEW CARDI ALBUM BEFORE GTA6!,16.0
mzdqjv0,Fevaweva,I hope she releases a bop between now and then!,9.0
mzdsnky,schn19,caw caw!,7.0
mzdretj,nocautiontaken,"her including WAP and Up on the album is nasty work 💀 at least throw Bongos on there so it don't look too suspicious!

edit: also, I hope she changes her mind and uses the alternate cover. It’s so much better than the main one.",26.0
mzds0gb,aw_yiss_breadcrumbs,Ive been doing a lot of artist deep dives and listening to all their albums in chronological order with no skips and when I got to Cardi B I was shocked at how long its been since she released an album.,7.0
mzdsv2w,best-american-record,i feel like i summoned this by watching a deep dive youtube video last night about the wait for this album when i don't even listen to her music.....,5.0
mzegzgr,Pandrez,That is certainly an album cover…,7.0
mzdor7t,MondeyMondey,You guys reckon this’ll be any good?,26.0
mzdqobm,Safe-Moment-2884,"Why is the ""Cardi B"" on the album cover larger than the album title itself? weird choice. Think the cover would be better without any text tbh.",20.0
mzdqlt7,ChrisAqua,The singles rollout is giving Chappell 🫶,12.0
mzds9bl,Dont_Knowtrain,Wap and Up are like five years old? What about all the other singles In-between?,10.0
mzdsi74,Vicariouslynoticed,I’m happy for this!,5.0
mzdv61h,PinkCadillacs,I never thought this day would come,5.0
mzdwiqg,Pizza1232006,WAP is gonna be on here 😭,6.0
mzehmtu,futurafreeeeee,i’m sorry but this title irritates me so bad! the tik tok quote cheapens it. Defamation of Character was right there and is on theme with her last album even tho her Tasha K lawsuit is over lol. looking forward to the music though finally,5.0
mzdq33u,prettybuglikeanangel,"this title and cover is a joke right

no i’m sorry im mad asfff Invasion of Privacy was such a cunty title wtf is Am I The Drama, overused ass tiktok phrase 😭 what happened to the photoshoot with the yellow hair that was so cunt",14.0
mzdsbb8,skyblue_angel,Oh my god oh my god oh my god its really happening oh my god!!!!,8.0
mzdrvnz,AloneRough7223,leave it to ph to be some haters fr,8.0
mzdr2fe,idelgado12,"On the first look, I was underwhelmed, but it has already grown on me a lot lol. I think what brings it down is the generic font. Might have been better to have the cover textless. Also kind of don't care for the title",3.0
mzdxq0q,LastTimeOn_,"I'm the Problem and Am I the Drama

Artists really be self reflecting this year huh",5.0
mze75fl,damemasproteina,"I like the cover, it feels inspired by Hitchcock. The fit, the birds,  the way the background looks. I still think IoP's cover is way better, but I don't think this is a bad cover.  It could've been executed in a more interesting way, but it's *alright*.

The album name is whatever, but it suits Cardi. I don't know who is shocked by the addition of WAP &amp; Up. Cardi &amp; her label were never gonna let those songs not be in an album.",3.0
mzeteu9,tony_storm,"The fact that Up and WAP aren’t even integrated somewhere into the track list, just literally slapped onto the end 💀",3.0
mzfq1yb,lavenderlemonade_xx,hope Scarlet Envy is getting her coin for coining the phrase!,3.0
mzdqrc7,surejan94,We waited 7 years for her to announce a sophomore album that features a low-budget green-screen cover that's titled after a random Drag Race meme?,10.0
mzdqtfd,Daydream_machine,That album cover is a serve. Curious what the tracklist for this will end up being,8.0
mzdsbw8,kaniclark,this album art 😭,5.0
mzecgdd,nt96,We got a new Cardi B album before GTA6,5.0
mzdy60e,porcelainbrown,"Okay, not gonna lie, obsessed with that album cover. Absolutely stunning honestly. Definitely the best of the year so far.",6.0
mze0xko,Thing-Adept,"wap and up were always supposed to be on her second album, i really don't understand why it's an issue 💀",6.0
mzdse5u,tomatenpflanze,i hate already released tracks being the last track. give me a proper album closer.,6.0
mzduozy,altrightobserver,Cardi B threatens to drop music,5.0
mze1v8d,AloneRough7223,"Idk, let me know what y'all think

But I don't think Rihanna would be getting all this wild skepticism if she announced an album rn. What's up with that?

IoP is considered rap classic. I really thought y'all'd be giving Cardi some more grace and excitement. Whewww",5.0
mze145c,mimibee97,[I’m the drama…](https://youtu.be/D8VEhcPeSlc?si=SfreLBkSnK0msW5z&amp;t=11s),2.0
mzeqh6j,candyappleorchard,At this point we're gonna get the Lauryn Hill follow up.,3.0
mzexddg,handsomegooch,"WAP and UP being on the album 🤔

WAP released 2 years after her debut album.  Her new album is releasing **5 years** after WAP... that’s bizarre",2.0
mzey1kz,Unable_Creme_9218,"god, can celebrities stop announcing albums to come out three months into the future? wait a bit girl, it’s ok.",2.0
mzf8k5d,Honey_Busted_Oats,Where is Enough (Miami) though??? Ugh that song is so good how could you leave that off 😭,2.0
mzfenr4,ajzck,"Cannot wait, but I also thought it was iconic she only had one album",3.0
mzg9om4,woahwoahvicky,When she came out with Bodak Yellow I was just halfway through college and now I'm a doctor lmfao she took her TIME!,3.0
mzdxy66,joelfunkii,I HATE that WAP and UP are on here but…Like What &amp; Enough (Miami) aren’t? Make it make sense unless her team is so unsure of her new material that they lobbed on two massive hits to guarantee chart placement,5.0
mzdq6s2,tacoreddit,She has one more shot. This needs to be a fucking gargantuan hit.,6.0
mzdqifh,Soalai,🚨POP EMERGENCY🚨,6.0
mzdr1nn,Mr628,"She really put Up and WAP on this. The epitome of everything that’s currently wrong with this industry. It also lets me know that this won’t have a mega collab on this album if they’re that desperate for streams. So expect the typical Future, 21 Savage, Travis Scott, Summer Walker and Jhene Aiko features that plague every rap album. Maybe a Doja or Weeknd song but I’m not expecting a Beyonce, Rihanna, Ariana or Drake that many people thought would happen.",6.0
mzdqx0f,relientkenny,i feel so nervous for her. she has the MOST pressure on this album more than any other artist out right now,4.0
mzgay1k,AutoModerator,"**Please do not comment on just the scores without any further explanation. Comments that refer only to whether the score too high or low, or are along similar lines will be removed**

Please report any comments that are low effort discussion. Thanks!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mzgb9u0,Soalai,That thumbnail 💀 &gt;!It's a light 3!&lt;,313.0
mzhxwrh,Acephale420,Benson is going to flip when he sees this,104.0
mzgo7ft,leavingthekultbehind,Is the album really that bad guys?,69.0
mzgbnqr,reptaylorsversion,Giving this a higher score than The Great Impersonator is wild.,503.0
mzggibp,post-death_wave_core,Missed opportunity to recreate the cover with a flannel,43.0
mzgbbez,PurpleSpaceSurfer,"Red flannel 💀.

&gt;!Light 3!&lt;",31.0
mzggem0,TrappedInLimbo,"I feel so disconnected to everyone because I mostly enjoyed the album. Maybe I'm just easily impressed or basic at times and I'm definitely not a music critic, but I just vibe with a lot of the songs and find them catchy.",94.0
mzgdu0q,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Spotify]: [Benson Boone - American Heart](https://open.spotify.com/album/3C0QJ1R0T3xX0BUbOZcdCw ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Apple Music]: [Benson Boone - American Heart](https://music.apple.com/us/album/american-heart/1807490612 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [Benson Boone - American Heart](https://www.deezer.com/album/773700081 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [Benson Boone - American Heart](https://soundcloud.com/bensonboone/sets/american-heart-6 ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/search/benson%20boone%20american%20heart) || [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=benson%20boone%20american%20heart) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/benson+boone+american+heart) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=benson+boone+american+heart&amp;item_type=a) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/benson%20boone%20american%20heart/album) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/albums?q=benson+boone+american+heart) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=benson+boone+american+heart) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=benson+boone+american+heart)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",4.0
mzhmt5j,Dancing_Clean,It’s Ed Sheeran all over again,12.0
mzgpitu,insertdragracequote,[weirdly thought of this](https://imgur.com/a/INi8CGA),5.0
mzkg9iu,Intelligent-You-7002,corny,3.0
mzjljni,Nerfeveryone,"Don’t be shy now Melon, do an accurate album cover recreation like the rest of them 👀",2.0
mzgz3hj,arutabaga,"He is always so generous to uninspired pop with no vision, and then so critical to artists making interesting pop and lyrics with a clear vision. It’s like if it’s not interesting to him sonically he doesn’t even try to listen to the lyrics and just writes it off entirely.",1.0
mzhlj0i,[deleted],[excluído],-1.0
mzi3oko,PrydefulHunts,I really hope Amaarae blows up with this album. Fountain Baby was a masterpiece.,31.0
mzkeqcr,bibliosquire,Really hope this is her moment. S.M.O. is phenomenonal!,12.0
mze4ktc,AutoModerator,"Please do not just list songs/albums/artists, your comment must have explanation/justification or it will be removed. Certain comments are also banned to increase the quality of discussion, see our Stale Topics list in the sidebar for examples. Please report any comments that are low effort discussion. Thanks!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mzeb6ds,lemurscreech,"I don't know where I read it, but in the case of Britney Spears, the writer of one of her Femme Fatale songs, ""Trouble For Me,"" said Britney was like the one artist she had worked with who if she didn't write anything didn't ask for credit, and that songwriters were able to buy houses off of the credits for a song for her and that she really respected her for that.",995.0
mze73wu,ThisIsABurner1012,"During the whole ""Blurred Lines"" / Marvin Gaye Estate trial both Robin Thicke and Pharrell testified that Thicke pretty much just showed up to the studio and sat there while Pharrell and co. wrote the song, only to credited as a co-writer in the end.

I think I remember Pharrell basically testifying that that happens a lot in the music industry and writing credits are fudged a lot of times.

Also not to stir up the ""Beyonce doesn't actually write or produce her own music"" conspiracy (I do truly believe she is very hands on in all the production of her music, esp. after she began managing her own career). But for the original song for Dreamgirls, ""Listen,"" she was originally listed as one of the co-writers (I believe along with 5 other co-writers).  But when the song was nominated for Best Original Song at the Oscars, the Academy has a rule there can only be max 4 songwriters nominated for a song, and she was dropped off the nomination. The other co-writers seemed to indicate it was a pretty easy call on who to remove.",408.0
mze8jzm,edwinstone,"Lauryn Hill didn't credit any of her cowriters on her album. Beyonce said she wrote Irreplaceable ""for her girls"" at a concert and Ne-Yo called her out.",437.0
mzevhb2,loneconspiracy,"Selena Gomez lied about writing her song Rare. A demo from another artist, can’t remember who, leaked and the lyrics were exactly the same.

Miley lied about writing Wrecking Ball. She said she wrote it sitting down at her piano, but her name is nowhere to be found in the writing or producing credits.

Britney has writing credits for like every song on Britney Jean, but given that she didn’t even bother actually recording most of the music, those writing credits are dubious.",204.0
mzf7gl9,gorillafightsurvivor,"There’s a common saying in the music industry: “Change a word, get a third.” Basically, anyone who contributes to a song’s lyrics or composition can claim co-writing credit, even if that contribution is mostly inconsequential. That’s one of the reasons why songs have 8+ co-writers: most of them were probably in the room, wrote a single lyric or adjusted a melody line, and claimed credit.

Justin Bieber is a good example. His song “Anyone” was originally written for Camilla Cabello. Her version leaked online a while back, and other than some production differences, it’s the exact same song. There is a *very minor* melodic difference during the second verse, which I suspect might have been enough for him to go on to claim writer’s credit for it.

Beyoncé is another one. Ne-Yo’s original demo of “Irreplaceable” had a few very insignificant lyrical differences (e.g., sung from a male perspective, the opening line being about his stuff being in the “box to the left” as opposed to the significant other’s), and the changes very well could’ve given her reason to ask for her name to be listed.

Then again, they also could’ve just lied and said they’d only release the song if they took partial credit. That’s a sadly common occurrence as well.",138.0
mze6iw1,Cartagraph,"In 1971, Ringo Starr released his first solo single “It Don’t Come Easy”. Allegedly written by and only credited to Ringo, it was a critical and commercial success.

BUT… soon it became obvious that “It Don’t Come Easy” was written substantially—if not entirely—by a Mr. George Harrison. Harrison knew of Ringo’s questionable songwriting talent, and didn’t want him to crash and burn post-Beatles. 

Booo",232.0
mzfxvb4,skylight03,Beyonce of course. Wasn't there a story her father wanted to get her on the credits for If I Were A Boy but failed. Pretty sure he's done it for other songs.,87.0
mzehk5v,CloneArranger,"I don’t think Elvis wrote “Heartbreak Hotel,” “All Shook Up,” or any of the hits* with his name on them. 

(* He may have participated in writing some early, less popular songs)",79.0
mze5ouy,FixYrHeartsOrDie,Conner4Real,105.0
mzfwook,VVantaBuddy,woah there is a lots of Beyonce and Justin Bieber in this thread.,44.0
mzeae7l,Appropriate-Dig-7080,This thread gna get messy if/when bey gets mentioned 😂,184.0
mze7mmh,prettybuglikeanangel,"ariana grande, recently. she said she wrote “tattooed heart” in her room at 17, but her songwriter Sean Foreman did an interview where he said that he showed her the foundations of the song, including the lyrics, off his phone while they were in the studio. 

https://www.businessinsider.com/ariana-grande-tattooed-heart-meaning-3oh3-interview-2023-8

it’s actually been posted before to her own subreddit, so even her fans know she didn’t write in in her room like she claimed. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/ariheads/comments/1hj246o/what_yall_know_abt_tattooed_heart/


i can’t find a link for the exact interview she says it in, but she says she wrote it in her room and took it to matt squire who produced it for her. not true. 

she’s also lied about writing r.e.m. there’s a version out there where Beyoncé sings it, and it’s literally the exact same song. Bey passed on it, ari sang it instead. the melody is slightly different, and she opted for entirely different production, but the lyrics are the exact same. it actually started out in 2011 with T. Pain and Pharrell. still, she’s got a writing credit on that song with Pharrell, and T. Pain isn’t in the credits at all as far as i know.

eta: when ariana writes her own lyrics, you can tell because they’re nonsensical. she claims to have self written the tracks on eternal sunshine deluxe, and it’s clear. she says 

“i get this sounds unserious, but baby boy this is serious” who the fuck rhymes serious with unserious. is unserious even a word ?",261.0
mzgym6s,HornyForWater,"Love her but Ava Max. Most of her songs have writers' demos, especially most of the songs in *Diamonds &amp; Dancefloor*s. I mean, it doesn't make sense for one of the writers of a song to sing a demo when she can sing it herself. However, she has stated in a few interviews that she mostly contributes with the melodies, which is songwriting, but sometimes she makes it seem like she contributes more. For example, ""The Motto"": the writer's demo is exactly the same except for one line and in several interviews, she has mentioned that after Tiësto contacted her to record the song, she accepted and made changes to the song to make it ""hers"" (I guess she meant adding adlibs).",19.0
mzfth28,CodaOfARequiem,"Will.i.am got sued because he didn't give Tulisa a writing credit on ""Scream &amp; Shout"" even though it's just a reworked version of a song she wrote called ""I Don't Give a Fuck."" For the record, her version is way better than the will.i.am version",41.0
mze7odb,womensrites,"whenever there’s a list of five+ names in the writing credits plus the artist, i get suspicious of what they actually did",145.0
mzh0f60,xcxmon,"Avril Lavigne got a lot of shit during her first three albums for her songwriting abilities, with some of her co-writers questioning how much she actually did herself.

In response, she wrote the majority of her fourth album by herself without any co-writers. She even produced two of them herself. Since then, nobody has come for her songwriting lol.",32.0
mzhcc9w,DreGu90,"Lady Gaga for Till It Happens To You. She got nominated for an Oscar and a Grammy alongside Diane Warren for that song, but was noticeably excluded when the song was nominated and later won an Emmy.

There were already buzz on the road to the Oscars back in 2016 of how much (or how little) Gaga contributed in writing that song. Most thought Diane would finally win an Oscar and break her historic losing streak, until the chatter regarding Gaga’s songwriting credit broke out. They lost the Oscar to Sam Smith’s James Bond song.",14.0
mzgdx8w,RefrigeratorSalty902,"Beyonce - if I were a boy


😭",33.0
mzfqa54,Consistent-Plum107,Does anybody seriously believe that Justin Bieber writes his songs?,63.0
mzhmev6,LacsiraxAriscal,"""Lie"" is a funny old word. Songwriting credits aren't really what they say they are, and no one in the industry treats them as such. It's just a way of apportioning publishing rights and revenue. I'm not even a big artist and I've had weird songwriting stuff with some of my music, where we cut a deal with our producer to give him credit on the tracks on the record to get a better fee on studio time. It's really no big deal",13.0
mze90jb,Frajer,"Beyonce once implied that she wrote the Bee Gees song Emotion, which came out before she was born",169.0
mzj1lw0,yojikudou,"Ceelo said in a howard stern show bruno mars didn’t write f u song, i remember howard saying Bruno’s been going around saying he wrote it and ceelo said nah, can u imagine him saying atari? And it turned out bruno did wrote it with his production team the smeezingtons with ceelo.",12.0
mzgveh4,Dramatic-Ad-2133,nils sjöberg,23.0
mzel9z7,jwd606,"Kim Petras. Got a credit on Minute. Exactly the same as a demo version by Griff.

Jade has got Lip Service coming out on forthcoming album. A demo by Tove Lo has been knocking around for a while. I bet Jade get's a songwriting credit.",41.0
mzg8pha,lelakat,"Is putting Drake in this thread cheating after his failed beef with Kendrick Lamar?

Also Bruno Mars has gotten into a fair amount of issues around credits.",15.0
mzh60ia,riningear,Zedd is infamous for his army of ghostwriters.,6.0
mzf7s6x,feliciapotter99,"I remember zayn saying he wrote I don’t wanna live forever and then reached out to Taylor , but Taylor , Jack and Sam are the only songwriters.",31.0
mziy0e7,notya1000,Well..: J balvin,3.0
mzeppij,theynotlikeuskenny,"Nicki Minaj. She does indeed write her bars but if you click on info for most of her songs there is a bunch of writers, even after the samples. You take away sample names and there is still writers left over",22.0
mzsi150,Silly-Round3700,Miley Cyrus,2.0
mzv1nuc,HoldOnToYaWeave,Beyoncé’s full discography,2.0
mzhoe8f,toomuchtostop,This was a big controversy re: Tuesday Night Music Club by Sheryl Crow,1.0
mzo21g7,DespairFangirl,"Surprised no one mentioned Cardi B's song ""Be Careful"" since if I remember correctly one of the co-writer's posted himself singing part of it the lyrics before it dropped.",1.0
n0cot2f,DrrrtyRaskol,"Sidestepping individual cases, songwriting and production splits are generally a negotiation. There’s cases where people are uncredited despite meaningful contributions and the reverse. Credits can be obtained in lieu of payment just as splits can be bought out. 

It depends on bargaining power and relative status. There’s songwriting and the actual recording up for grabs. 

Licensing songs/recordings for ads/films/tv requires the consent of all stakeholders which can get annoying. Especially with catalog songs where the songwriters are hard to track down. But even when there’s several writers they can sign away that consent to a third party so that party can be a “one stop shop” for sync licensing (for better or worse).

It’s all very grey and for sure injustices are perpetrated (“give me 25% or it’s not going on the album”). But there’s also a lot of scuttlebutt. At the upper echelon of pop, sometimes a pragmatic approach benefits the actual songwriters. ",1.0
mzill0a,Gumbee,"Not listening to this now because I know at some point in the game, Im gonna be cresting some sort of massive hill and its going to come on an blow my mind.",20.0
mzki8o8,0004ethers,It sounds like Flume - Sirens ft. her and I love it,4.0
mznhw4x,WKWinter,this might be her most insane vocals ever and that's saying something,4.0
mzhu022,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Apple Music]: [Caroline Polachek - On The Beach (Timefall Mix)](https://music.apple.com/us/album/on-the-beach-timefall-mix/1819082099 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [Caroline Polachek - On The Beach (from DEATH STRANDING 2: ON THE BEACH)](https://www.deezer.com/track/3402923471 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [Caroline Polachek - On The Beach (from DEATH STRANDING 2: ON THE BEACH)](https://soundcloud.com/carolinepolachekmusic/on-the-beach-from-death ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/search/caroline%20polachek%20on%20the%20beach) || [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=caroline%20polachek%20on%20the%20beach) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/caroline+polachek+on+the+beach) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=caroline+polachek+on+the+beach&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/caroline%20polachek%20on%20the%20beach/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=caroline+polachek+on+the+beach) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=caroline+polachek+on+the+beach) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=caroline+polachek+on+the+beach)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",2.0
mzgtye8,jupiter1719,love the aesthetic/meme reference,81.0
mzi53kw,curlypancit,Another artist that deserves sm better,62.0
mzi49ez,droobidoobidoo,Love the aesthetics and the song has grown on me!! Excited to see this live!,40.0
mzjtf7r,HausOfMajora,"In love with this. So frutiger aero. Definitely my new summer anthem with Boy crazy by Kesha.  
Love this era. I wish it was bigger.",38.0
mziv4mz,VeganSquash,"I wish this song had a bridge and final chorus, it's great but could be better extended imo",31.0
mzimzrd,yourfacesucksass,I think I like the video more than I do the song.,29.0
mzhz6c0,3000sn,"Alright poppy drum n bass elements, I'm not mad. Reminds me of Olive.",22.0
mzjgpys,izkaroza,It's just so enjoyable.,16.0
mzn334d,overnightchange54,Sorry but this song is CATCHY af and it’s giving summmmmmer! This is the most “SOTS” vibe track released so far imo…. but maybe I’m just rly loving the drum n’ bass but make it pop vibes ☀️,14.0
mzksbve,lagozzino, this song has been gripping me more and more with each listen,9.0
mzkjvzw,HeroGuy98,"Wow what a stunning video! Fits the song perfectly, and she looks absolutely insane!",8.0
mznitml,SharingDNAResults,We need another Lush Life 🥲 the video is great but the song doesn’t sound like a hit to me,9.0
mznm3al,takufox,Ate this sooooo hard. I hope she gets the attention and acclaim she deserves this era. She’s so good.,9.0
mzia3oq,Doctor_Cigarettes,2 out of 2 cannot wait for the album!,15.0
n001rm7,TerribleZucchini8770,Is it just me or does the song sound kind of hyperpop-ish? The synth sound in the beginning and the chorus just feel like hyperpop idk but I luvvvvv,6.0
mzlbne2,OkOccasion7,"She said she wants to be at the “top” but then releases this… I love her so much, will be buying the album but this song is not it",7.0
mzkpltz,Adorable-Ad4106,Does this song use any sample? Sounds so familiar,3.0
mzpwh5h,No_Cat1944,"I like it but I feel like the vocals are too loud in the mix, sounds like she’s singing on top of a track. And when the vocals come in at the beginning it’s a bit jarring",3.0
mzibtnt,truvis,Amazing album track but not really a SINGLE,7.0
mzgomf6,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Spotify]: [Zara Larsson - Midnight Sun](https://open.spotify.com/track/37UCSVSqiPGdR1DijOFyYY ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [Zara Larsson - Midnight Sun](https://www.deezer.com/track/3401554271 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [Zara Larsson - Midnight Sun](https://soundcloud.com/zaralarssonofficial/midnight-sun ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/search/zara%20larsson%20midnight%20sun) || [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=zara%20larsson%20midnight%20sun) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/zara+larsson+midnight+sun) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=zara+larsson+midnight+sun&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/zara%20larsson%20midnight%20sun/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=zara+larsson+midnight+sun) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=zara+larsson+midnight+sun) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=zara+larsson+midnight+sun)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",2.0
mzq21wi,ellg91,I actually love this sm. She just captures this vibe so effortlessly and I love the visuals.,2.0
mzsv845,slothprincess16,This is making my millennial self so happy.,2.0
n049xkm,ichoosethisnameforme,"VERY VERY similar to No Angels - Daylight in your eyes (us version)


https://youtu.be/E6MyCDmgiuk?si=cIviyg9jnDtgJ7Bg


THE TIME IS AT 2:37


Very similar",1.0
n05hg5i,KWEEEEEEH,"You gotta hear her sing it live:  
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpvV2p6mfDc&amp;ab\_channel=HojasLive](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpvV2p6mfDc&amp;ab_channel=HojasLive)",1.0
n0ut67r,HalfDead_Slipstream,I love her voice so much but I feel like the music doesn’t compliment the top line well and the arp at the drop is underwhelming and detuned.,1.0
n1f7req,Funny-Lack-5726,Love the video her tops remind me of the tops Mariah Carey wore during her rainbow and charmbracelet era’s,1.0
mzcfdd6,enemakarenina,"Absolutely obsessed with the instrumental choices and interpolations here. Really really dope way to translate Addison's sound to the sound of their new record.

Also the joni sample was so bold ... gag it girls",135.0
mzcgpes,Violet-L-Baudelaire,I love this era of all my pop girly faves *aggressively* supporting each other in new and surprising ways.,186.0
mzd04yn,Rude-Mission-8907,"*whispers 'I prefer this from the original'*  
I'll go into hiding",42.0
mzdeolc,chrice,Joni Mitchell never lies!,20.0
mzch0kc,PlayDense9618,This is sooooo good,17.0
mzdtnnx,garbagedyke,I need BBC to put this one on Spotify!! It’s brilliant,20.0
mzcfghs,No_Cat1944,This rules,54.0
mzd5jus,cradio52,"Yeah ima need this entire live show, including this cover, on vinyl STAT

(The only thing that would have made this even better is if one or both of the other ladies gave little “yeahs” and “uh huhs” during the chorus 😆)",15.0
mzchujp,bonnydelrico,"literally my song of the year, love their take",34.0
mzdcx4y,saradactyl25,this benefits me in ways you can't POSSIBLY imagine,28.0
mzdf26u,Shupedewhupe,My two 2025 musical obsessions colliding. You love to see it.,10.0
mzcko45,Warm_Perspective9180,this is fucking badass,22.0
mzcmd66,ilikebiiiigdicks,I like it but I prefer the laid back chill/ethereal vibes of the original. It’s a hard song to translate to properly singing though,17.0
mzdu4kq,vibefanclub,danielle looks so happy here. great rendition,8.0
mze4z12,Expensive-Fennel-163,"Someone needs to post this as a Spotify podcast for me so I can add it to so many playlists. (Or the band just post it on Spotify officially, I guess)",9.0
mzdly1c,icequeennoscreams,Este’s bass line during the chorus is sooo goood!!,7.0
mzcv53i,maryshelleyvevo,the janet sample (interpolation?) is so inspired lmfao i love this,21.0
mzdn6kr,cuansfw,Goooood I love this,5.0
mzhm52k,InsomniaticAlien,"Outdoes the original for me. Instrumental arrangement, vocals, samples - absolutely no notes. Manifesting a Spotify release.",4.0
mzddjt2,Positively-Fleabag85,Uhhh why didn't they peform Relationships,-7.0
mzi0sw3,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mzi6uh1,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Spotify]: [LE SSERAFIM - Kawaii (Prod. Gen Hoshino)](https://open.spotify.com/track/0M47xHUyYQvhSnso8GFHSA ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [LE SSERAFIM - Kawaii (Prod. Gen Hoshino)](https://www.deezer.com/track/3417283881 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [LE SSERAFIM - Kawaii](https://soundcloud.com/le-sserafim/kawaii ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[YouTube]: [LE SSERAFIM - Topic - Kawaii (Prod. Gen Hoshino)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_Zt_8CO6yQ ""Confidence: 86%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/search/le%20sserafim%20kawaii) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/le+sserafim+kawaii) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=le+sserafim+kawaii&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/le%20sserafim%20kawaii/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=le+sserafim+kawaii) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=le+sserafim+kawaii) || [YouTube](https://youtube.com/results?search_query=le+sserafim+kawaii) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=le+sserafim+kawaii)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
mzd8czz,hennybee,"These B-sides are already sounding leagues stronger than SIS’. In general, the songs here feel a lot more representative of who the girls are, compared to SIS’ more generic nature. MIA is really standing out to me, but all three of the new tracks sound great.",89.0
mzd8cc3,makesyousquirm,seated for Gameboy,74.0
mzd4n1d,Ramen-snob,This is such a fun teaser and I'm seeing potential in each of these songs,39.0
mzd8gog,OrdacityInTheCity,MIA sounds like the smash.,52.0
mzdkd3t,aleisate843,SEATED!!!! They’re sounding so good on this already. Gameboy sounds like my song for sure,23.0
mzdul7e,breadburger,god bless the mean girls? LMAO,28.0
mzdhs1a,jaggedspectacle,Mean girls is not what I expected and I do not like :/,38.0
mzd6al0,BriteDrift75,"Omg I’m so excited to hear the other three songs, I like all the snippets.",16.0
mzdsbdr,AvantaeKabite,"This EP looks promising👀, I am definitely seated for gameboy and MIA.",9.0
mzdhh5q,toyTM,"This sounds fun but hoping for some more exploration into different sounds and styles. Although ""Mean Girls"" sounds laughably horrible.",18.0
mzgjqr4,Heedictated,"MIA sounds promising. Was hoping for more of a party bop for Mean Girls but this snippet doesn't give me much hope. Oh well, at least they chose their singles well.",4.0
mzekd88,Wooden-Implement7880,"Gabriela is my current favorite, but MIA may be coming to compete for the top spot",7.0
mzdaxej,usernamenotmyown,"This sounds so good, I'm sat!",7.0
mzd9co8,Current-Cap,"They need to hire producers who make dynamic music. It all feels a little one-note and generic. Like Little Mix and 5H’s music didn’t sound like this… 

Hopefully the next project doesn’t follow the K-pop esque music method, and they get stand out songs

M.I.A sounds good.",19.0
mzfh0kp,Prudent_Earth_6246,"The music sounds mid from the snippets once again. KATSEYE are so brilliant and all of the girls are so talented, it's a shame they keep getting these awful throw away songs. Gnarly was a step in the right direction and Gabriella is a bop, but they are both old demos. 

If HYPE isn't going to let the girls actually be involved in their music, they need to AT LEAST get songwriters/producers to create tailor made songs for them, not picking out songs from a 2019 demo bin.... ugh its so frustrating because they have so much potential.",6.0
mzgymfj,Astrid323,"Katseye really leveled up with their visuals for this! I mean I like the ones they did for SIS, but this just seems bolder, more interesting, and all around just has more personality. The bsides also sound promising! Especially Gameboy and MIA.",1.0
mzhchv1,pawwwla,"the new songs sound pretty generic from the snippets... I loved Gnarly and enjoyed Gabriela, but Gameboy looks like its going to be the bop of the ep tho. will be tuning in to see if the full song show more variety in sound, its unfair to judge from a snippet.",1.0
mzdg9kt,tiktokmademedoitk,"Gameboy lyrics sound way too similar to Rose’s Gameboy

Rose’s “Gameboy”:       
“Yeah, you'll always be a gameboy     
But these days, I don't wanna play, boy”

Katseye’s “Gameboy”:     
“You’re just a gameboy     
I ain’t tryin to play, boy”

idk this is such a random girl group and their music has been really underwhelming so far. Seems kind of like a random group of girls that got thrown together and are incohesive and don’t really hit, like Fifth Harmony, but they did have a couple of hits. I thought Gnarly was a dated mess, and MIA sounds dated as well. Mean Girls sounds corny. Gabriela may be the most decent that shows more vocals, followed by Gameboy, which is still pretty boring and forgettable.",-30.0
mzdbx0y,Zeptogram,"Back in November, I remember thinking ""Well, I hate the Christmas bombing of the charts, but at least we'll finally be free of Beautiful Things and Lose Control in the top 10"".

It's almost goddamn July and what the fuck are they still doing there.",534.0
mzd9xuo,mcfw31,"1. Alex Warren - Ordinary (+1)

2. Sabrina Carpenter - Manchild (-1)

3. Morgan Wallen &amp; Tate McRae - What I Want (=)

4. Morgan Wallen - Just in Case (=)

5. Kendrick Lamar &amp; SZA - Luther (=)

6. Morgan Wallen - I'm the Problem (=)

7. Shaboozey - A Bar Song (Tipsy) (=)

8. Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars - Die With A Smile (=)

9. Teddy Swims - Lose Control (=)

10. Benson Boone - Beautiful Things (=)

What's happening this year lol",320.0
mzdcav7,RavenCXXVIV,It’s a good wedding song (derogatory) so I’m not surprised it’s going strong during wedding season,266.0
mzdfwkd,TragicKingdom1,"I'm curious how the industry is internally reacting to this unprecedented level of stagnation...like if I were a label that invested money into continuously making songs hits and by all indications the GP was basically like ""no thanks, we're all set on new music!"", that would set off alarm bells from a business perspective, right? Maybe they are just chalking it up to 2024 having an abnormal amount of behemoth smashes, but if/when songs like Lose Control and A Bar Song last well into 2026 then it's clearly more than that.",126.0
mzddqe7,AllStarSpecial10001,Is anyone else super online and thus pretty tuned into the hype house where he didn’t make any music or indication that he want to be a singer at all have whiplash from the tik tok ads hyping it up as something he’s always wanted to do and his “life long dream”?  I don’t even think his stuff is bad it just seems a bit inauthentic 😭 but maybe I’m just a hater?,106.0
mzd9ldy,SiphenPrax,"I think this is most likely going to be the song of the summer for 2025 whether people like it or not.

Outside of Manchild going number 1 last week it has dominated the top spot since the beginning of June and with how strong the song is on all of the formats it shows no signs of slowing down anytime soon for the whole summer.",90.0
mzdaavt,[deleted],[removed],40.0
mzdf2k4,Forestl,The average song in the top 10 has been in the charts for over 36 weeks. If you take out Manchild and What I Want the average goes to over 44 weeks on average,36.0
mzdbjbw,scarletarrows,Is tipsy just gonna be on the charts forever??,103.0
mzdaghj,PurpleSpaceSurfer,"What a boring fucking song. Between this and the Benson Boone crap, I don't blame this sub for tuning out a lot of pop boys.

I did laugh at Wikipedia trying to classify this as chamber pop.",284.0
mzdcflh,CodaOfARequiem,"Debuts/movements that might be of interest to pop fans (per Talk of the Charts projections):

Ravyn Lenae's ""Love Me Not"" rises 7 spots to around #16 (first week in the top 20)

Benson Boone's ""Sorry I'm Here For Someone Else"" rises 4 spots to a new peak around #27, while ""Mystical Magical"" rises 2 spots to a new peak around #28

Shaboozey surge: ""Good News"" rises 9 spots to a new peak around #30, while ""Amen"" w/ Jelly Roll rises 17 spots to a new peak around #64 (No idea what caused these boosts. From what I can find, the only big thing he did this week was shutting down a major bridge in Dallas to film a music video with BigXthaPlug, which got him some negative news coverage.)

Lil Tecca album impact: ""Dark Thoughts"" rises 25 spots to around #38, while ""OWA OWA"" rises 18 spots to around #51 and ""Half the Plot"" debuts around #77

BTS member j-hope's ""Killin' It Girl"" ft. GloRilla debuts around #42

MOLIY, Silent Addy, Skillibeng &amp; Shenseea's ""Shake It To the Max (FLY)"" rises 8 spots to a new peak around #47

Kehlani's ""Folded"" debuts around #75

Ariana Grande's ""Twilight Zone"" re-enters around #84

Myles Smith's ""Nice To Meet You"" rises 12 spots to around #87

Coldplay's ""Sparks"" debuts around #89 (Wild story here. This is a fan favorite deep cut from Coldplay's debut album from 2000. Recently, there was a video of Coldplay frontman Chris Martin breaking down in tears while performing this song onstage, which people attributed to his recent breakup. The video went viral, and then the song itself went viral. Also, the girl he broke up with? Dakota Johnson!)

Lil Wayne &amp; BigXthaPlug's ""Hip-Hop"" ft. Jay Jones falls 55 spots to around #91 (only song from the album that charted for a 2nd week)

Addison Rae's ""Fame Is a Gun"" falls 23 spots to around #96

Mariah Carey's ""Type Dangerous"" is not expected to chart for a 2nd week

Cardi B's ""Outside"" is currently projected to debut around #14 next week",49.0
mzdj9ic,stypop,worst pride EVER.,55.0
mzdf5m1,ImportantSmell7270,The general public’s music taste is so embarrassing,83.0
mzdmj1z,almbeck,Honestly I don’t think I’ve heard this song…..how much longer can I go without being exposed,10.0
mze9o2f,GertHammond,"Saw a youtube comment a week ago that said ""Alex Warren looks like a JD Vance meme"" and it's kept me sane while this song dominates. Rain drops in the desert. I hope it does that for y'all too.",14.0
mzddv21,Particular-Yoghurt81,Please take Alex Warren's chart success and give it to Troye Sivan.,66.0
mzdh8d9,artifexlife,"This is the worst year of charts in history. You know how when you look back at chart years on those YouTube/TikTok videos and for better or worse those songs are nostalgic for that year?

Yeah half of these would still be remembered for 2024 not 2025.",38.0
mzdo1ob,beautyandmadness,"I thought we had collectively moved on from this watered-down, 2010s arena rock, Imagine Dragons-esque type of songs, but I guess not.",18.0
mzegbiq,90skid91,I am surprised labels don’t rerelease old singles or album tracks and turn them into singles. Turn something old into something new again. They really have nothing to lose and people seem to be gravitating to older tracks at the moment.,9.0
mzdfqp9,deoboijeu,"Brit here, man I'm so sorry this somehow made its way across the pond.",21.0
mzdn5es,BradleyCoopersOscar,This song is soooo awful. Todd in The Shadows referred to it as a genre-less gospel song and it REALLY does sound like it lol,25.0
mzdq8va,Lilylikeslilies,I can’t be the only one that knows this men from those running bridesmaids mess from TikTok,6.0
mzehszr,Legitimate_Ad_755,Lame ass dude,6.0
mzfvpga,ReputationOk6126,"I will say it until I’m blue in the face: Charts, especially the B100, are largely meaningless and irrelevant in 2025.",6.0
mzdgtej,VapidRapidRabbit,Eh. It’s time for Billboard to overhaul their formula. Make it a singles chart again and get all of the tracks that are from albums being streamed off.,36.0
mze7nst,Vicariouslynoticed,This top ten is so damn stale 😏,5.0
mzh4ldg,viki13_,"People are asking who's listening to Beautiful Things and Lose Control. The answer's retail. Seriously, the store I work at doesn't use radio, they put a playlist on a loop so these songs get streamed multiple times a day.",3.0
mzeb2sm,trichomeking94,just listened to this for the first time…. this 2010s sound is back in style already? send the flood,3.0
mzejilm,KasseanaTheGreat,At this point I'm convinced this song's entire presence on the charts is an astroturfed psyop trying to test how bad of a song they can force into the #1 spot before the general public starts catching onto the fact that no actual human being likes the song,5.0
mzdi13g,rkaur07,Thought Ordinary was a Dermot Kennedy song at first…anyways go listen to Dermot,2.0
mzdvgcl,pricelessgrime,I’ll never forget his years of copying David dobrik down to his laugh and hair,2.0
mzff1un,TheRealRoseDallas,"Sigh. I wish Gaga would have another hit single from Mayhem, just because the album is so good. It seems like DWAS has killed the momentum for other singles. Garden of Eden, How bad do u want me, perfect celebrity would all be great singles!",2.0
mzju63s,BeneficialWorking806,you’ll never catch me listening to that james charles sympathizer’s music,2.0
mzm47pa,Lforce2007,"For everyone who says he sucks after listening to one or two songs by him need to look more into his discography, songs like Troubled Waters and Yard sale. Sound way better than Ordinary. It's all up to opinion though. His first few songs ""One more I love you"", ""Headlights"", and ""Give you love"" are really good compared to the new stuff. Also as I can see most of the album tracks sound better from the snippets than the 2 (3 when on my mind drops) singles he put out before launch. (Ordinary, Bloodline, and On My Mind) 

It's all up to everyone's opinions some people are going to hate just don't press someone down for having an opinion different from you. We are not made to agree with everyone in this world. Artists put massive amounts of work into these projects even if it doesn't look like it. I am an artist (electronic producer) my previous albums have taken a long time to make, trust me mixing takes forever.",2.0
mzex69a,adeadperson23,Ick this dude is a weird fundimentalist tiktok idiot,4.0
mzddb61,Adventurous_Home_555,"Genuine question, why don’t people complain about Tipsy when listing overplayed songs? It’s easily the weakest in terms of vocal performance and lyrics compared to Beautiful Things and Lose Control.",10.0
mzdr9j9,dropthehammer11,"just embarrassing. embarrassing from the GP for their lack of taste, embarrassing from radio stations from incessantly playing the same old songs, embarrassing from record labels who arent doing diddly dick to create or push new hits

i really have to tune the charts out entirely for now because i just get annoyed thinking about it",4.0
mzfnc03,oddeyeopener,surely the industry has more interesting artists to plant than *this*….,2.0
mzfchr6,Eddiep88,Can anyone please pull up the most weeks in the top ten. Has shaboozey broke the record or where does he stand?,1.0
mzg5tjr,dumbbinch99,If he is a nice guy then I am happy for his success ❤️but when they debuted this song during the love is blind season finale my boyfriend and I were like…what. Never imagined it would make it here lol,1.0
mzhp8fy,FormerBernieBro2020,"Well, having an actual fun song at number one was a blast, back to our regularly scheduled bullshit. Eight new songs and two re-entries:

\#40: Killin' It Girl by j-hope &amp; GloRilla

\#69: Lemon Drop by ATEEZ

\#70: Won't Stop by Gunna (Worst Of The Week)

\#76: Folded by Kehlani (Honourable Mention)

\#78: Half The Plot by Lil Tecca

(Re-entry at #88: twilight zone by Ariana Grande)

\#89: Holy Blindfold by Chris Brown (Dishonourable Mention)

\#93: Sparks by Coldplay (Best Of The Week)

(Re-entry at #96: Better Me For You (Brown Eyes) by Max McNown)

\#97: Single Again by Josh Ross

Next week: Karol G's Tropicoqueta vs Benson Boone's American Heart.",1.0
mzivha5,imuslesstbh,was feeling guilty when I stopped religiously tracking the charts and trends around November - January but god this was a good year to tune out of the charts because they suck so hard compared to 2021 and 24,1.0
n04jmho,DiscountAcrobatic356,"Someone else wrote it is ""as huge and soaring as it is empty and meaningless"".

A wanna break things it comes on so much, and I hate each and every fucking angel up in the clouds.",1.0
mzbxyv9,xaviersi,"I'm PRAYING this does well enough to entice her to do one more weekend. For anyone going, I know it'll be an amazing experience.",89.0
mzc097p,ravenclawrebel,Ticket buying is going to be a bloodbath,68.0
mzc9trm,Adventurous_Home_555,"She’s always incredible in concert. Unfortunately, her crowds aren’t. Most people pretty much only know 3-4 songs and people literally talk DURING the songs they don’t know. 

Tbf this was a festival and I’m sure her own Vegas show will be different",29.0
mzcsxni,oOWalkingOnAirOo,My main pop gal my whole life! I hope we see some of it online/ YouTube .,11.0
mztj8wm,plumjam1,This might actually be the one thing I'd go to Vegas for.,1.0
mzdokxm,VapidRapidRabbit,"That “Bliss” song didn’t take off, even with the Coca-Cola ads in movie theaters. Hopefully this next one fares better.",53.0
mzmhy6m,teddy_vn,"I understand why she released ""BLISS"" because the public seemed to be over her brand of Afro &amp; R&amp;B. However, I find ""PUSH 2 START"" excellent and I find ""BLISS"" quite a weak song.",10.0
mzdo91h,ss2811,"I can’t wait, I’ve been obsessed with this snippet ever since she teased it!!!",15.0
mzehry7,droobidoobidoo,This sounds like a fun song! Bliss got lost in the mix of all the other releases I enjoyed more but it is also a bop,11.0
n00acgi,aw_bubbles,does anybody know why the release of this song was cancelled/pushed back?,6.0
mzbkz8w,[deleted],"A decent ballad, i wish ""Bad Liar"" or ""Fetish"" became her first #1 though. I'll never stop being annoying about those songs because they were such an interesting evolution on alt-pop territory that unfortunaly landed on the bland side of things with all the following releases. ",377.0
mzbk0af,hekna02,Everytime I see this song I always get reminded of Ajay's reaction to the her 2019 Amas performance😭,333.0
mzc3pme,magicklydelishous,"All I keep thinking off when I see these posts (which I look forward to every week) is how and what Tom will say when he gets to the Morgan Wallen, Benson Boone, Jelly Roll, Teddy Swims era of number ones. It’s rough out here, man.",63.0
mzblvvw,wickedcherub,Hands to Myself deserved higher than a 7 if not just for Selena's delivery of 'I mean I could but why would I want to?',240.0
mzbq58r,Frajer,There's something very cute and meta about the sang off key in my chorus line,109.0
mzbv0vt,yeroc121,This came out RIGHT after my first ever breakup 😭😭😭,32.0
mzbo88g,droobidoobidoo,"Cute ballad but It Ain't Me is a 10 in my books lol. Her droplet era from 2017 to 2018 produced some of my favourite songs by her! Although I do have a soft spot for Naturally, A Year Without Rain, Love You Like a Love Song, Slow Down, We Don't Talk Anymore, and Same Old Love :)",107.0
mzblszz,pinkfartlek,This song had an iconic scene in the show *Hacks*,76.0
mzbp9ll,ambitiousbulbasaur,"Really enjoyed this write-up, but actually having knowledge of this artist makes me realize how prone to small errors the author can be (not in any super important ways, just ones that made me laugh). Like seeing Another Cinderella Story written as Another Princess Story made me lol",28.0
mzbljy9,No_Barber4339,"I apperciate the emotion selena gave behind this and I'm glad she's over that man but man, Finneas's work outside of billie shows his limits as a producer 


I liked rare when It first came out but nowadays it's apparent how much of a downgrade it was from revival and her 2017 singles, just another example of ""my most personal album"" dud, it also doesn't help that halsey and posthumously mac miller released much better personal albums at the same month ",86.0
mzbn8gn,sameoldrussianstan,"This song made me tear up when I heard it for the first time. It is a beautiful song and I’m glad this is a #1 for her; and she did it with a piano solo ballad, after everyone kept saying she would only get it with an upbeat collab. That week was a moment.",31.0
mzbsvxb,onelittlepato,"I cannot think about this song without thinking about the infamous AMAs performance. If that had happened in 2003, it would’ve been game over for her.",22.0
mzclihn,look_at_tht_horse,"A dude did a really great acoustic version on The Voice a while ago (whatever season Ariana Grande was on), and I've been drawn to this song since. Pretty lyrics, but I do prefer the stripped down acoustic production.",4.0
mzbwez9,LegoToTheBeachBeach,Will always associate this song with that perfect scene in Hacks,6.0
mzcoqlm,VladVega_RO,But wow what a moment i will never forget,3.0
mzblxg6,ryeji_x,"It's a cute number, I get why she had to release it and why it peaked that week, but it died as quick as it came for a reason. Not just from #1 spot but even from her musical legacy, no one *really* cares about this song long term and the droplet era before it still gets more talk in pop spaces than LYTLM and the other one",16.0
mzbnek6,VapidRapidRabbit,Cute lil song but Selena canNOT sing. She was off-key in the actual recording. And I never liked the single artwork for this song either — it always reminded me of that girl Samara climbing out of the TV in that movie *The Ring*.,10.0
mzbnapd,Right-Kale-7668,There’s a reason  why it was #1 for only a week,7.0
mzdeuso,Soalai,"My internet connection has been ass all morning, so I'm just now getting to read this. I agree with Tom that this is fine but not her most interesting song. Surprised he didn't talk about the infamous AMAs performance and explored how it was tied into her declining interest in music in general. Maybe he didn't want to go there. Justice for The Heart Wants What It Wants, that song is an 8 or 9!

Next week: A Timeless Bop. &gt;!Seasons change and our love went cold...!&lt;",4.0
mzbsdeg,Mevarek,"This might be the first time I’ve ever heard this song. I was always a little perplexed by how Selena Gomez has managed to stay so famous for so long, but seeing Tom kind of lay her career out makes a lot of sense. Her music has always felt a little wooden to me. I was hearing Calm Down on the radio for months and I just never got it.",4.0
mzeb1cq,Shreiken_Demon,"“The Heart Wants What It Wants” only a 5. Blasphemy for me, that’s the song that does every LYLM tries do but 100x better. 

Heck, the performance at the 2019 AMAs is the only time Selena stayed in key for an entire performance.",1.0
mzd19k2,babyinthebathwater,I loved when they used it Hacks.,1.0
mzd9qfy,hjk10hjk,https://youtu.be/sHV2iKmic84?si=FU2w9rAc0ccNTSnx,1.0
mzvsgzn,alex147147,Yall remember the collab with Apple and how the mv for this was shot on an iPhone?,1.0
mzdjw4s,KimberStormer,"She's changed, man.  It used to be about the music.  It all went south when The Scene broke up.  Remember those days, man?  Just The Scene against the world, touring in a shitty van, playing for 10 people at some community center in Iowa?  But for the people who could really hear, man, it was magic.  Magic.",-1.0
mzcsec3,ChasesICantSend,"So ravyn leaves this tour to do 9 dates on her own, comes back for the end, then leaves to tour Europe before flying back like 2 weeks later to support the short n sweet tour. Pretty solid fall for her, hope it pays off and she gets more attention ",136.0
mzcton7,Special_Art_9216,arenas...is a choice.,49.0
mzcmwl9,Valuable_Extent_4859,"Woah, she's playing Madison Square Garden? I feel like that's ambitious but maybe I'm out of touch...",115.0
mzcxsb6,emayzee,"I get that her popularity and fandom have risen quite a bit in recent years, and for her team to book venues this big they must have a better grasp on her analytics than I do, but I am very surprised to see her playing arenas so soon considering her biggest chart hit to date is the Megan Thee Stallion collab that peaked at #2 on the……..bubbling under",32.0
mzdhkha,pianotat,"Don't get me wrong, I love Reneé but like I'd argue Ravyn is more popular than she is right now- like she performed at Coachella, has a massive hit and is looking to be the bigger breakthrough artist- idk tho",28.0
mzctszh,hataraitaramake,"In SF she’s the same week at Addison, Marina, and Lorde… I can’t add another show",19.0
mzd0184,cardsash,"As an actual Reneé Rapp fan, I’m gagged (derogatory) that she’s doing arenas. I’d love to be surprised, but I really don’t think this will sell well. The fact that it’s in an arena is making me not want to go in all honesty, I’d much rather see her in a smaller and more intimate venue which would also cost less. Definitely skipping this based on the pure amount of other great concerts I have lined up.",44.0
mzddaji,disgustingdreamgirl,i think these venues are way too big for her but i would love to be proven wrong,15.0
mzcrhrp,agreen3636,"I'm curious to see how this sells. I hear a lot about  Renee and her music from her and from her promo but I'll be honest I rarely hear it or meet people who are fans. I find a lot of people know her from SLOGC or Mean Girls not her music. I'm pretty surprised to see MSG on there. 

That being said I'm not Gen Z which I think is her target audience and might just not be part of that bubble. Her voice is incredible but her music has never done it for me.",28.0
mzcs752,No_Pianist5264,Very interesting lets see how her new album does I know some weren't a fan of her last project hope it does well,8.0
mzf6d67,MisuCake,"Oh it’s about to be a ton of empty seats, Ravyn Lenae definitely has the star power and catalog to do stadiums while Renee lacks both.",6.0
mzd6pgl,tylernazario,"Tickets for snow angel and everything to everyone were pretty cheap so I hope this new tour isn’t that much more expensive.

Would love to be able to see her",5.0
mzfqqlc,GoSwift13,"Mind you Ravyn is having a smash hit rn, it should be the other way around. Love Renee but she should stick to theater tour with one or two arena dates first until she gets an actual hit.",8.0
mzctsvr,droobidoobidoo,"Bummed that All Things Go Toronto is her only Canadian date but I also can't afford it already seeing Hozier at Ottawa Bluesfest, Tate McRae/Zara Larsson, Dua Lipa in Toronto, Alex Warren at CityFolk, Lorde in Montreal, and The Beaches. My wallet can't handle anymore lol",6.0
mzcqbyi,[deleted],[excluído],3.0
mzejp8g,SwaggiiP,People will go for Syd and Rayvn and leave when they’re finished,3.0
mzrsmzg,trixiefirecrckr,"I am a lame mom so I have GAP credit card and they're doing a pre sale today - FYI nosebleeds are $126.75, next level closer is $206.40, pit is $225.65 for Chicago.",3.0
mzcn9q2,ss2811,"Tour dates:

Sept 23 – Morrison, CO @ Red Rocks Amphitheatre

Sept 25 – Rosemont, IL @ Allstate Arena

Sept 27 – Sterling Heights, MI @ Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill

Sept 29 – New York City @ Madison Square Garden

Oct 2 – Boston, MA @ TD Garden

Oct 4 – Toronto, ON @ All Things Go

Oct 6 – Columbia, MD @ Merriweather Post Pavilion

Oct 8 – Columbus, OH @ Nationwide Arena

Oct 10 – Minneapolis, MN @ The Armory

Oct 13 – Portland, OR @ Theater of the Clouds

Oct 15 – San Francisco, CA @ Bill Graham Civic Auditorium

Oct 17 – Los Angeles, CA @ Kia Forum

Oct 22 – Austin, TX @ Moody Amphitheater at Waterloo Park

Oct 23 – Irving, TX @ The Pavilion at Toyota Music Factory

Oct 26 – Atlanta, GA @ State Farm Arena

Oct 27 – Tampa, FL @ Yuengling Center

Oct 29 – Charlotte, NC @ Spectrum Center",3.0
mzcr6l9,3lle_m,Do we have any info on the VIP yet?,1.0
mzfioy3,sparkle1789,another sad day to be a west coast canadian,1.0
mzdh15o,Eklektik,"Of course all the pop icons I want to see so far (Renee, Addison, Lorde) are all playing Los Angeles the same week, when I'm out of the country.",1.0
mzfno7f,FreebieFresh,What no fletcher? /s,0.0
mzcuwq8,blankspacejrr,late to the party: the wedding song that you could be…,47.0
mzcm5ln,[deleted],Golden Hour is fantastic and made me pay attention to Kacey but going back to this one and Same Trailer made me love her. Such a consistent album! I love basically every song here,42.0
mzcol9i,Puzzled-Charge-9892,I STILL blast Dime Store Cowgirl in particular loud and proud to this day 🤠🤠,43.0
mzct04e,wheikes,"Controversial opinion, but this is her best album. She has honed her style of songwriting for this album and the sound was more cohesive than golden hour",29.0
mzd1jyz,BluthFamilyNews,Mind your own biscuits and life will be gravy!!!!,20.0
mzct7pu,thetiredjuan,Any given Tuesday this is my favorite Kacey album. There’s something about her witticism that she hasn’t matched since here.,15.0
mzea9ik,DespairFangirl,"Underrated af, the cover of ""Are You Sure"" is fantastic, High Time is a great choice for opener, and the melancholy on Die Fun really sticks with you  

Only one I don't like is Family is Family tbh",6.0
mzdbxae,jmanisweird,As someone in a long distance relationship. “Fine” is a song on constant repeat.,5.0
mzepthi,autumn5885,Cup of Tea is how I found Kacey! 🫖☕️🤍,4.0
mzg5w90,Dapper-Dates-4344,Been listening to High Time on repeat recently... A true stoner anthem. We alllllll love you Kacey!,2.0
mzdsgbr,AloneRough7223,"her best album

biscuits is unfortunately a skip for me every time but the rest of the album is just beautifully, somberly evergreen",4.0
mzfwojs,CountryRockDiva89,"Probably my favorite album of hers, I said what I said. 💯",1.0
mze98x0,Daydream_machine,"Not her best album, but there’s a lot of really solid songs here. Fine is my personal favorite.",1.0
mzcwibj,09171,I just got an email from Ticketmaster about this. I bought tickets to a Maroon 5 concert in 2012 or something and never went to the show.,89.0
mzcu6x1,toebabyreddit,"""here, damn"" ass rollout",173.0
mzdiy6e,SinHarvestz,"Been 20+ years since Songs About Jane came out, and there's STILL people out there commenting they should go back to that sound. Absolutely wild lol",55.0
mzcvkf4,backupsaway,"Not OP sharing the Facebook announcement post ☠️

It actually very fitting given the band involved.",127.0
mzcyrg8,RedditVividVibes,I’m sure all elevators everywhere are so excited for this,72.0
mzerpkl,bbyan_0395,Love is like???what does that mean?,11.0
mzcv1i1,No_Barber4339,"Yo ed sheeran,  someone steeling your album cover


Edit: I kinda liked their new single...",24.0
mzg6m4x,ImprovementNo9429,The sexting creep.... and the four other guys,8.0
mzd5ube,oathkeeper1408,These are such AI-generated titles,24.0
mzcql7t,Hopeful_Book,*obligatory Todd in the Shadows joke,28.0
mzf9txz,adeadperson23,SLOP INCOMING,11.0
mzgnjzr,iamcode,Hasn't 2025 had enough atrocities already?,5.0
mzh1f5u,GrooveStRep,Tf will a cheater tell us about love.,3.0
mzfp5l3,Total-Sherbet3904,"Never forgot when Adam Levine cheated on his pregnant wife, and how he acted in those DMs.",3.0
mzhldac,tswiftdeepcuts,recession indicator,2.0
mzgcwt5,ChipmunkBackground46,"I will never forget hearing someone say ""Nickleback got the hate that Maroon 5 deserved"" and thinking it was the most profound thing I've ever heard",2.0
mzg8xqf,quintessentiallbee,Not Adam relaunching himself to the public by doing the one thing that would make us ( maybe ) accept him: being back maroon 5.  It helps that early 2000s are in,1.0
mzginth,Extreme-Copy-2109,They should stop using auto tune.,1.0
mzgt6fd,Remarkable_Air_89333,"Ragebait album cover, it keeps people talking about them so they dont fade! I wonder if Adam sings about the cheating scandal",1.0
mzmcm9q,tony_storm,Who ever heard this man’s voice and told him “you NEED to be a singer” I cannot wrap my head around how people just like… actually listen to it,1.0
mzcu4tc,[deleted],[removed],-2.0
mzc69a7,droobidoobidoo,Not sure if I can afford tickets but the lineup is stacked! I hope the weather cooperates because it can start to get chilly around Canadian Thanksgiving! Why did they put it at an outdoor venue though?!? Lol,22.0
mzc4j5j,shabuluba,"Full lineup: 

Saturday: Reneé Rapp, Remi Wolf, Ravyn Lenae, Chelsea Cutler, Blondshell, Julia Wolf, Elio, Emei

Sunday: Kacey Musgraves, Role Model, Charlotte Cardin, Noah Cyrus, Valley, Joy Oladokun, Alemeda, Baby Nova

https://allthingsgofestival.com/toronto/",17.0
mzc9nq3,bonersforbukowski,Extremely rare Toronto W!!!,9.0
mzcj5z9,bns_yyy,Does Kacey Musgraves know she is booked for this? I will believe it when I see her on stage.,7.0
mzc8ku6,lurkinggghereee,"Feeling that ""I don't care if something good happened to you, it should have happened to me"" meme really hard right now - from the other side of the world. CRY!",3.0
mzhpge5,IonHazzikostasIsGod,"Toronto mentioned!

Almost wanna go to this for Charlotte Cardin alone. She's awesome",2.0
mzcgnr1,Careful_Scarcity5450,Doubt I'll be able to afford both nights - might aim for the Saturday though,1.0
mzwya65,Careful_Scarcity5450,Just saw the cost of tickets and laughed. $200 for lawn tickets? Hard pass.,1.0
mzewlsy,CreakRaving,TIL Canadian Thanksgiving is second Monday in October,0.0
,,,
mzd3g6z,a_boo,I want them to be massive.,20.0
mzg32k9,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mzd8ope,SiphenPrax,Skye Riley is back! ……….&gt;!from the dead!&lt;,21.0
mzfcsrt,TheSmallIndian,"Like non-movie music?! Holy shit, we're so back",7.0
mzfb023,ss2811,"Lizzo’s fans on her mailing list were apparently sent an email today revealing that her new mixtape with 12 songs will drop this Friday, and it’s called My Face Hurts From Smiling.",19.0
mzeqjnp,backupsaway,"Andrew Lloyd Webber's Phantom of The Opera is making its return to New York City. 

More information [has been revealed](https://www.broadwayworld.com/article/THE-PHANTOM-OF-THE-OPERA-Suggests-Masks-No-High-Heels-For-Upcoming-Return-20250623) about an immersive production to open at an undisclosed date later this year. Audience members are required to wear masks (in either black, white, or silver) that they bring or buy at the venue, wear an attire in black, white or silver or combined, and wear comfy shoes for movement. The show will be limited to 21+ as free champagne will be given. Tickets [start at $195](https://old.reddit.com/r/Broadway/comments/1lipw1l/195_for_immersive_phantom/) with the show being available for six weeks.",31.0
mzdpt4q,thenightmonster86,"After damn near a decade of waiting – [Cardi B's sophomore album, *Am I The Drama?*, will be released Sep 19th.](https://www.cardib.com/)",60.0
mzd6n13,ItsGotThatBang,[Jonathan Daviss To Star As Snoop Dogg In Universal’s Craig Brewer-Directed Biopic](https://deadline.com/2025/06/jonathan-daviss-stars-snoop-dogg-movie-universal-pictures-1236428103/),22.0
mzd1wwj,backupsaway,Clips from a recent Miley Cyrus meet-and-greet to promote Every Girl You've Ever Loved [are going viral](https://xcancel.com/kirawontmiss/status/1936621363189432557) after Miley is seen barely interacting with fans and choosing to interact with Naomi Campbell who was a guest at the event. Some fans have [shared](https://preview.redd.it/4lwz8dztjj8f1.jpeg?width=1320&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=da0c97769efe7a18bcbce69bb2f6c0d8b1a6d8f7) [photos](https://preview.redd.it/on8mgfqxoj8f1.png?width=723&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=bba539d7838b9eeb825a787dc2c015d394a28592) from the event which had Miley and Naomi not even looking at the camera during the planned photos with them.,121.0
mzczx66,Frajer,Lorde did a surprise listening party in Brooklyn last night and endorsed Zohran [Mamdani](https://www.stereogum.com/2312687/lorde-livestreams-virgin-at-brooklyn-midnight-pop-up-endorses-zohran-mamdani-for-nyc-mayor/news/),69.0
mzcy49j,ChasesICantSend,"UK charts Midweek update (2.5 days of tracking):

Albums

1. YUNGBLUD- Idols. Seeking his 3rd UK #1 album (New Entry)

2. HAIM- I quit. Looks for their 4th UK top 5 album (New entry)

3. Loyle Carner- hopefully !. On track for his 3rd UK top 10 (New entry)

4. Benson Boone- American Heart. Looks for his first top 10 album (previously peaking at 16 with Fireworks &amp; Rollerblades) (New Entry)

5. Aitch- 4. Seeks his 4th UK top 10 (New Entry)

Singles:

1. Sabrina Carpenter- Manchild. Could see a 2nd non-consecutive week at the summit after Alex Warren's Ordinary lands on ACR. (LW: 2)

2. MK ft Chrystal- Dior (LW: 5)

3. Ravyn Lenae- Love Me Not. This race is hot, with the top 3 on yesterday's First Look only being separated by 1,500 units (LW: 3)

4. Chappell Roan- Pink Pony Club (LW: 4)

5. Calvin Harris &amp; Douglas- Blessings. Seeking its first trip into the top 5 after hanging around the bottom half of the top 10 for the last month. (LW: 8)

Notable outside top 5: Sam Fender &amp; Olivia Dean's Rein Me In (6) could see a massive 80 position climb thanks to releasing the version with Olivia Dean after performing it live earlier this month at London Stadium. fred again.., Skepta &amp; PlaqueBoyMax's Victory Lap (7) looks to be this week's highest new entry. Ordinary (8) might slip 7 spots after getting its chart points cut in half.

https://www.officialcharts.com/charts/albums-chart-update/

https://www.officialcharts.com/charts/singles-chart-update/",17.0
mzcoihv,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mzcs91t,redgold51,"They’re 3/3 for singles so far!!!

Words cannot describe how excited I am for this album omg",19.0
mzd8a66,CrimsonFeetofKali,"OK, it's nice to hear them leaning into a more understated approach to a song.  It still has a Wet Leg sound to it, but there a Strokes-like element to the performance, a rather Vampire Weekend lyric, and it gives me the sense of a band growing more comfortable with themselves.  I like it.",11.0
mzdcc5t,WhollyHeyZeus,"Very sweet song, coming from them. I really like it.",3.0
mzct0gv,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Apple Music]: [Wet Leg - davina mccall](https://music.apple.com/us/album/davina-mccall/1802918329 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [Wet Leg - davina mccall](https://www.deezer.com/track/3368731391 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [Wet Leg - davina mccall](https://soundcloud.com/wetleg/davina-mccall ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=wet%20leg%20davina%20mccall) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/Wet+Leg+davina+mccall) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=Wet+Leg+davina+mccall&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/wet%20leg%20davina%20mccall/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=wet+leg+davina+mccall) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=Wet+Leg+davina+mccall) || [YouTube](https://youtube.com/results?search_query=Wet+Leg+davina+mccall) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=Wet+Leg+davina+mccall)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
mzgbed9,KLJohnnes,This is going to be AOTY I can feel it,1.0
mzc0nqt,deathoftheauthor009,"It's always a joyous thing to discover a lesser known artist you'd fuck with from these lists, and the algorithm leads you to more lesser known artists that you also end up fucking with.

I love the streaming era.",12.0
mzc521v,drowlers,MOIO!!!! Hell yeah! Glad to see he is getting some recognition,9.0
mzbg8hx,damemasproteina,"I only know Ela Minus from this list, her album Día is excellent. I will have to check out the others.",7.0
mzn704k,YoWoody27,"I've heard of ""The Paradox"" from TikTok.  

They did a great Scooby Doo cover &amp; their own music is good too!",1.0
mzd0hu5,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Spotify]: [Wet Leg - davina mccall](https://open.spotify.com/track/1a7ZPKYilBFgAX05MmDeBM ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Apple Music]: [Wet Leg - davina mccall](https://music.apple.com/us/album/davina-mccall/1802918329 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [Wet Leg - davina mccall](https://www.deezer.com/track/3368731391 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [Wet Leg - davina mccall](https://soundcloud.com/wetleg/davina-mccall ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/search/wet%20leg%20davina%20mccall) || [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=wet%20leg%20davina%20mccall) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/wet+leg+davina+mccall) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=wet+leg+davina+mccall&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/wet%20leg%20davina%20mccall/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=wet+leg+davina+mccall) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=wet+leg+davina+mccall) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=wet+leg+davina+mccall)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
mzg5bqa,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mzg7rhf,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Apple Music]: [The Undercover Dream Lovers - Deja Vu - EP](https://music.apple.com/us/album/deja-vu-ep/1817194823 ""Confidence: 96%"")

\[Deezer]: [The Undercover Dream Lovers - deja vu](https://www.deezer.com/album/763548041 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [The Undercover Dream Lovers - deja vu](https://soundcloud.com/theundercoverdreamlovers-music/sets/deja-vu-813623549 ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=the%20undercover%20dream%20lovers%20deja%20vu) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/The+Undercover+Dream+Lovers+deja+vu) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=The+Undercover+Dream+Lovers+deja+vu&amp;item_type=a) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/the%20undercover%20dream%20lovers%20deja%20vu/album) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/albums?q=the+undercover+dream+lovers+deja+vu) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=The+Undercover+Dream+Lovers+deja+vu) || [YouTube](https://youtube.com/results?search_query=The+Undercover+Dream+Lovers+deja+vu&amp;sp=EgIQAw%25253D%25253D) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=The+Undercover+Dream+Lovers+deja+vu)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
,,,
mz8xl3d,xaviersi,"I'm so happy y'all are connecting to us like this. I'm absolutely blown away by Sequence 01 and really played to a lot of my favorite music genres. What are some artists you have in replay for yourselves and specifically, who are some, if any, Japanese artists you drew inspiration from? Love from Texas! P.s. I already have that vinyl pre-ordered and am so excited to get it!",52.0
mz8xr84,Past-Ability866,"Hello !! I'm a huge fan from Michigan, I've been here since underground ! I have a few questions for you all :3

If f5ve were to go on a world tour, what is y'all's #1 dream place to preform outside of Japan? 
How often do you guys see fan messages? 
What is each members favorite song to preform? ",28.0
mz905gq,cloudbustingmp3,"Hi queens! So happy to have you here with us! The marketing around Lettuce is what caught my attention, and I’ve been hooked ever since.  

Your previous experience is very apparent - even with the quirky nature of your music, there’s still a professionalism that shines through in how you all perform and it’s such a joy to see the combination. What was the hardest part of preparing this debut album, and what did that teach you for the next one?",34.0
mz8x8j2,permagore,"good morning f5ve!!!

how is it like making music with bloodpop? would you be able to write your own songs in the future?



(also! if possible!! please recommend us some restaurants!! we'll be going to osaka and kyoto soon this year :D)",25.0
mz8ywbf,f5veinthehaus,"to miyuu, was it scary to sit in the champagne glass in the sugar free venom music video?",23.0
mz8xkxr,pixygwsn,"to f5ve,
it’s pride month! how does it feel to have so many lgbtq+ fans?",31.0
mz94qv1,ouralarmclock,"I hadn't heard of this project or album before, but I'm glad I stumbled across this AMA! Love the merging of J-pop and Hyperpop on this album! My favorite track is Firetruck, it makes me wanna get up on a table and dance! No questions, just wanted to tell you I love it!",20.0
mz94pop,edgartargarien,You had The Deep opening up for you recently. Would you consider doing a song with her?,15.0
mz8zb5l,f5veinthehaus,"to kaede, how does it feel to know that f5ve are inspiring so many young people? your impact is so big and growing so much already &lt;3",14.0
mz8zybp,Haseul4President,"To all the members:
Do you have any strange skills/ talents?",12.0
mz8xa4d,tsukisiyoon,"to kaede:

ive been your fan since happiness, and i am so proud of you and everything you’ve achieved!! you’re the perfect idol, no.1 bob diva. i love you &lt;3 - cate",16.0
mz8y27z,chocofru1t,"To Kaede, whats your favorite video game?? I'm a big fan of Detroit Become Human and other story games!",12.0
mz8x9y9,chocofru1t,"Hiii!! You guys are awesome!!! THE it girls! As someone who looooves movies, I was wondering what are y'all's all time favorite movies??",10.0
mz8y6hb,chocofru1t,"To Miyuu, who is your dream collab??",11.0
mz8ytza,f5veinthehaus,"to miyuu,
if you had a magic clock, would you go back in time or go to the future?",9.0
mz8zcyp,f5veinthehaus,"to sayaka, should i break up with my boyfriend if he doesn’t listen to f5ve?",12.0
mz8y3gq,arianagrandexxx,what’s your favorite kind of lettuce? 🥬 💚,10.0
mz8xd74,watashinoyokoi,What animal do you think you look like? All member♡,10.0
mz8xmbf,pixygwsn,"to f5ve,
which member is the biggest scaredy-cat?",8.0
mz93k4w,lemongang,now that you've come to america what's the next place you want to 'jump' to next?,8.0
mz8z7o1,arianagrandexxx,what characters do you play as in mario kart?? 💞💞,8.0
mz8y3tf,f5veinthehaus,"ruri, please be my girlfriend for 5 seconds!",8.0
mz941e5,EyeKneadHead,What is f5ve's favourite song right now?,5.0
mz8z5pw,f5veinthehaus,"to miyuu, would you rather live with 10 ruris or 10 kaedes?",5.0
mz90o0t,Comfortable-Error149,what dance should we learn for ladyland this weekend?! ,5.0
mz91di2,permagore,what is the best dessert ever? (for each girl!!),5.0
mz977qe,Givemedreamss,What are you most exited about visiting nyc other than the ladyland festival?,4.0
mz94mt3,13920,hii girlies do any of yall have a fav pokemon ???,5.0
mz91u5n,orcaa_xe,What are your guy's favorite songs to perform off of sequence 01?,4.0
mz8xcrv,likeruri,"to rui,
what was the hardest part of preparing for the release of SEQUENCE 01?",3.0
mz8y3ui,watashinoyokoi,KAEDEちゃん、かのじょの席は空いていますか？ お願い 🤭🙏,5.0
mz8xt0x,watashinoyokoi,PRIDE MONTH 🏳️‍🌈💕💕,8.0
mz8xav2,tsukisiyoon,"to f5ve,
me and my friends collectively spent about £1k+ on f5ve merch.. do you have any words for us? - cate",2.0
mz8xu4v,watashinoyokoi,"SAYAKAちゃん, Please appear on wswf 🤭🤭",3.0
mz91lb7,jqmpi,I LOVE YOU GIRLS YOU ARE SO COOL😭😭😭😭😭🤍,2.0
mz8xg34,likeruri,"to sayaka,
if you could be another member for the day, who would you pick and why?",1.0
mz96bbq,LunaMoonlander,"You gave us a dental exam, irl is anyone afraid of the dentist?",1.0
mz943nn,PuzzleheadedFact3204,Appreciate all ur stunning performances in sequence 01 😭Can we get more collaboration in the future and we’d like to know if there any artists u girls wanna collab with?🫶❤️,3.0
mz90d2t,chocofru1t,"To Rui, what's your goto karaoke song???",1.0
mz92i84,watashinoyokoi,What’s your MBTI?,1.0
mz95c8v,LunaMoonlander,Lemon or melon? Which is better. ,1.0
mz8xouq,TakeOnMeByA-ha,"How did you all first get in contact with A.G. Cook? Are there any other artists you would like to collaborate with, Japanese or otherwise?",19.0
mz92vc3,PuzzleheadedFact3204,I’m so happy all my girls are here now 😭😭😭and I prepared several questions for u like any other artists in Asia would u wanna collab with cuz I noticed that u girls got Lexie Liu and Yves in your playlist so please seek opportunities to collaborate with them we all expecting! Also I wanna ask about if there are any plans for ur next music project? And what’s you guys favorites so songs recently? Any recommendations?🫶💗,5.0
mz8xxzm,watashinoyokoi,"f5ve！！お昼に何を食べるか推薦してください　
超緊急です！！今すぐ注文しなきゃ！！！！！！とてもお腹が空いた ！！！！！！！！！　やばいいい！！！！！！！！！！",3.0
mz8xb5y,watashinoyokoi,Is f5ve planning to come to Korea? Just r4ve encore ㅠㅠ f5ve&amp;THE DEEP collab in Korea please,4.0
mz91all,stilakitten,"hi f5ve! i'd love to hear if any of you have a concept, style or fashion that you want to explore but feel too intimidated to try. you have already pushed the boundaries by exploring unexpected, unique themes in each song, so i'd love to hear about a challenge you want to tackle someday!",3.0
mz97dsu,svnnmoon,"To Sayaka, Kaede and Miyuu (Love you Ruri and Rui btw):

After a lifetime of being just performers, you're now vocalists on f5ve. How has this new challenge felt? Love you all ❤️❤️ greetings from Chile",3.0
mz90blg,ew5929,"I LOVE YOU GUYS and sequence 01 is incredible! Having worked with ag cook and Kesha to name a few, are there other artists you’d like to collab with (like Charli ?? 👀👀)",3.0
mz91c64,bespectacIed,"Hello legends welcome to our sub, we loooove your album up in here, check out [our official discussion of it for proof!](https://www.reddit.com/r/popheads/s/85riirNU9O)

Do y'all know of this other 5-member group full of talented girls called ARTMS? They have a song called Goddess on their recent EP that reminded me of your sound. The world needs your joint slay, mamas",4.0
mz8x3s2,TheHamiltrash,"Hello from Canada!!! 🇨🇦 I've been a huge fan since the firetruck era and it's been so fun watching you guys finally release your first album! 🥹

A few questions:
1. Did vocaloid music have any influence on the music of SEQUENCE 01? if so, what's everyone's favorite vocaloid songs?
2. Im heading to japan in 2 weeks for vacation! Any tips or places i should visit?",2.0
mz8y0en,watashinoyokoi,香水は何を使いますか？この前言ってあげたのに忘れた......従って買いたい 🥰💕,3.0
mz8z09y,TragicKingdom1,"Hello f5ve, thank you for joining us this evening!

All of you are well experienced in the industry compared to the members of other debut girl groups, most of whom are teenagers when they debut these days. How does this inform your group dynamic and artistry?",2.0
mz8yr57,markel9000,"How has your experience and music from your previous work before f5ve (Happiness, E-girls, iScream) influenced your work in f5ve and what makes f5ve’s distinct identity? Thank you!💚🖤💜💛🩷",2.0
mz8ysiu,watashinoyokoi,"f5ve can be anything, which song concept did you like the most?",3.0
mz8xpef,lemongang,hi f5ve!! love you all. how do you guys feel knowing your social media presence has brought you such a new audience? what do you think about your new position as queens of twitter?,2.0
mz8yinu,lemongang,"to f5ve, how did it feel having to go from SG5 to f5ve?",3.0
mz8xlxo,chocofru1t,A few questions for all!! What kind of concept do you guys want to do next and what's been your favorite music video to shoot so far? Personally I loved Venom and UFO!!,2.0
mz8zkko,lemongang,"to f5ve, of course a.g. cook has been instrumental in creating your sound as f5ve. are there any other producers you find inspiration from, or want to work with?",2.0
mzb4g0x,harry_violet,My favorite song by Happiness is NO MORE!! And my fav iScream is Pendulum. I think they fit f5ve style wonderfully. Would you someday consider covering them?,2.0
mz95tgx,Prudent_Sea_5671,"好きなサンリオキャラは？？

ハイタッチ会最高だったから、次のリリースの時もやって欲しいです🤭🩷",2.0
mz9g4qw,tantive404,"Hi f5ve! You are cool! I think your lore as inter-dimensional dream agents is really fun and unique, and fits your sound and aesthetic well. I always love when artists have a concept or story surrounding them &lt;3 Also, Underground is a lovely and cute-sounding song. 

What was it like collaborating with Kesha for Sugar-Free Venom? And why is the song called that? To my knowledge venom doesn’t have sugar in it to begin with XDD. Do you have any artists or groups you’d like to collaborate with in the future?

Who are your biggest influences/inspirations as artists? 

What is the process of filming music videos like?  Is it fun, or is it exhausting, or a little bit of both? 

What are your favorite and least favorite things about being idols?",1.0
mz96npn,iluvf5ve,Rui im recreating an outfit of yours for the ladyland festival &gt;0&lt; please look out for it! 🤍,2.0
mz8yh3u,f5veinthehaus,"to f5ve,
what’s your favourite song from sequence 01? i love it so much, thank you",2.0
mz90zci,noirblancherouje,No questions but I really hope E-girls could make a comeback!! 好きです!,2.0
mz91fz3,saildontsell,hi f5ve!! i would love to see you guys live - any plans to come to paris?,2.0
mz8yguy,Quiet_Goal_3532,when is the deluxe version of sequence 01 and when is the next single?,2.0
mz9fnz4,Downtown_Aside3686,Do you believe in aliens? Do you think they play ufo machines?,2.0
mz8xlj4,watashinoyokoi,When is the next album? Is there a single before Winter Song?,2.0
mz90fpy,ScallionSmooth9491,"Hey, f5ve!

1. If you collaborated with a K-pop group, who would it be? Would you like to collaborate with RM?

2. Have you heard of this group called Honne? They're really popular in Asia! And if you did, would you want a song produced by them?

3. What rapper do you wish to collaborate with?

4. Collabs aside, what is your next album about? Will it contain guest singers? Who will produce it? Tell us more!",1.0
mz8yeok,Iovesickness,"to f5ve, what are your biggest hobbies outside of music?",2.0
mz8xxa8,lemongang,"to f5ve, where do you find your inspiration for music?",2.0
mz8xs0w,watashinoyokoi,"KAEDEちゃん, What’s your favorite K-hiphop song?",2.0
mz9ebb3,bocchimybeloved,"Hello f5ve 🫶💕 I'm moving to Japan for university this year, I really hope to catch your shows hopefully in Tokyo in the future!!
Do you guys have any other fellow Japanese artists you really want to collaborate with? (For me I would be happy to see a Yasutaka Nakata/Perfume, Chanmina or Millienum Parade collab lol). Also, what are you guy's favorite spots in Tokyo?",1.0
mz8xwwh,Automatic_Use_5455,"Hello from Ireland! One day I hope to see you in concert maybe Europe lol. I really love your music and I'd love to simply ask 2 things.

1. What inspired you on tracks like Television and Bow Chika Wow Wow (those are my favourites)

2. What unusual hobbies do you have that might surprise fans?",1.0
mz99g0w,7yuuutsu7,"hope you guys are enjoying doing live performances 😊😊 i’d totally go if i lived nearby (come to the bay area cough cough) !!

i wanna know what some of your favorite looks are ! mine are sayaka’s flop era tee, everything from the ufo mv, and miyuu’s pink i am gia dress &lt;3",1.0
mz95nq8,PuzzleheadedFact3204,How does it feel like to invite Kesha to feature in sugar free venom and sing in English with few Japanese in her verse?  Is this her own idea or? Also would like to try some any other languages to sing in the future like we are expecting more collaborations with other artists.😭,1.0
mz8y99w,watashinoyokoi,When is f5ve‘s dome tour? ㅎㅎ,2.0
mz8x96t,tsukisiyoon,"to sayaka:

ive been supporting you since happiness, and i am so happy that f5ve are doing so well! your voice is so beautiful, your face card is unreal and you’re so hard working!! im so proud to be your fan, thank you for everything &lt;3 - cate",1.0
mz8yeqo,f5veinthehaus,"to f5ve,
do you guys like matcha?",2.0
mz8zzsh,Substantial-Ad8014,"Hey gurls! You are so fabulous and hope you can tour Australia soon!! You are making such a big impact in the lgbt community, but my question… 
If you could share any Japanese snack and or drink with the world, what would it be? ❤️",1.0
mzb41ml,harry_violet,"Hey!! Greetings from Chile!! Im a big fan since Happiness!!!

A question for you my divas... Why don't you release longer songs? Your songs are AWESOME and I'd love to rock them for 3 or 4 minutes instead of only 2 :(",1.0
mz90a3i,Geo_rgiaa,do you read your fans tweets,2.0
mz9eesc,t_enshi,"この間の大阪のライブ、朝楽しかった！！！🥹🥹❤️

Q: are there any other tracks in the works produced by AG Cook or other PC Music affiliated artists??

love you divas 💖✨",1.0
mz90293,jqmpi,"Hi F5ve!! my question is: did you guys have the chance to meet or talk to kesha? was she as amazing as we all think? 
I love you guys and I’m obsessed with Underground and Magic Clock 🤍",1.0
mz8z3za,Haseul4President,"F5ve!! Im such a huge fan of you and wanted to ask all the members:

If you could pick 1 song from your previous units (iscream, happiness, egirls) to cover as F5ve, which would you choose?",1.0
mz99plf,vivi200215,"Hi hi!!! Iv been following you since 2023 and it’s wonderful to see how much you’ve all grown :] Sequence 1 was amazing _!!! If you guys have one, who is your favorite pokemon?? :D",1.0
mz95v3z,iluvf5ve,Hi! So I’m quite the new fan but I’m seeing you guys at ladyland for the first time! Are you guys excited to be performing? If so which song are you excited to perform the most?,1.0
mz9ieft,Sallynoraa,omg i'm late. i just wanted to ask if it has to be specifically Melon added in Sugar Free Venom instead of Lemon? like can i use some substitute lol. Lemon keeps slipping out of my mouth whenever i vibe to the song.,1.0
mz8x81g,tsukisiyoon,"to rui:

ive been your fan ever since iscream, and I am so proud of you, and everything f5ve have achieved! i will always supporting you, thank you for working hard &lt;3 - cate",1.0
mz954wf,happykoh0107,"I don't know how to do it, but is it right? Osaka was fun! I'm Japanese, but it feels weird to be connected in a place like this. I wish I could do it in Japanese.",1.0
mz9en0m,sincerely_seededbred,Would you guys ever collab with Yasutaka Nakata? I feel like his 2010s electro-pop sound could really suit your style ^^ And do you like the group Perfume? ⭐️,1.0
mz9252d,Angrysalmonroll,What promoted f5ve's rebrand from SG5? Is there any other anime or other media that you guys hope to reference again at some point like you did with Sailor Moon?🩷,1.0
mzehwng,DSQ,"I love your MV’s! Are you guys involved in the creation of the storylines featured in your music videos?

Also who would you like to collaborate with the most?",1.0
mz8ydyo,Past-Ability866,"Question from exd (wish him a good sleep pls)

if you could describe your next project with an emoji, whether it’s an EP or an album, which one would it be?",1.0
mz9a2u2,Prudent_Sea_5671,"f5veのグッズの中で一番のお気に入りは？
私は5フーディーが好き🩷グッズじゃないけど、flop eraのtシャツも大好き！",1.0
mz98fgx,svnnmoon,"hi girls!! 💜💜

all of you have been in the industry since a very young age, how do you feel this has affected/influenced you? much love from chile!!",1.0
mz9vc57,ThoseGoodOldDreams,"Hi Sayaka are you free this Saturday? Cuz I’m free this Saturday, if you’re free this Saturday. I’m free if you’re free, on Saturday that is.",1.0
mz8ydlx,lemongang,"to f5ve, how do you feel about carrying on the legacy of japanese girl groups with huge international audiences, like those of FEMM, FAKY, and XG?!",1.0
mz8ztpm,EmergencyLab8057,"to f5ve hii! how was it like collabing with kesha? how did you guys first get in contact with her! hope to see more collabs soon, love you guys!!!",1.0
mz96fgr,happykoh0107,"あ、日本語で書けるやん🫣笑笑
大阪楽しかったよー！！！
今度のNYCも楽しんで無事に帰ってきてね🐶❤️",1.0
mz8xr38,HikariNozomu,"Hello to all of f5ve! from Australia

If there was any HAPPINESS and E-GIRLS you could perform currently as of f5ve what songs would they be?",1.0
mz90fef,Haseul4President,"I love all of you sososo much, and this question is for kaede, miyuu and sayaka:
What was it like transitioning from performers to vocalists?",1.0
mz8zgff,f5veinthehaus,"to rui, if f5ve were to have a lightstick, what would you want it to look like? all i can imagine is a giant piece of lettuce on a stick..",1.0
mz9f111,trobinson9342,Any more shows in the usa planned after LadyLand? There are some fun clubs in Michigan I hope I can see you all perform soon! 😭🖤🖤,1.0
mz8xwve,watashinoyokoi,MIYUUちゃん、最近好きな韓国のコンテンツがありますか？この前韓国語が上手すぎて驚いたから笑笑,1.0
mz9dp0z,sincerely_seededbred,Hi f5ve!!! I love the album and have been listening since Lettuce dropped ⭐️ What are each members favourite ice cream flavours?,1.0
mza1lxt,Kpop_Orbitcz,F5ve! I got over 10k streams on Sequence 01! Do y'all have enough money to buy a ladder so that you can get on and off the roof?,1.0
mz9ks1y,420imgay69,what are the girls’ favourite era style-wise? personally i feel the outfits for the ‘lettuce’ era are 10/10 &lt;3 🥬,1.0
mz8yqon,f5veinthehaus,"to sayaka,
if you had to have a sub unit with another member, who would you pick and what would the song sound like?",1.0
mz95bna,guict302,hello queens! what are your favorite j-pop singers? aaand when can we expect a concert in brazil 🇧🇷? love you!,1.0
mz912hm,fackextfox,is there any chance of a world tour happening this year or next? im just dying to see f5ve live and meet you all!,1.0
mz90lm3,watashinoyokoi,F5veのせいで日本によく行くんだけど、行ってみるべきところを推薦してください♡,1.0
mz8yh05,lemongang,"to all the members, are there any concepts you've done that you weren't sure of/were anxious about at first?",1.0
mz906i4,Geo_rgiaa,what would you say is the biggest difference between your past (or current in Rui’s case) groups and f5ve?,1.0
mz99hor,happykoh0107,"I forgot to say this in Osaka, but I love you, Kaede!! It's funny to hear it said in English here笑笑",1.0
mz8ycua,f5veinthehaus,"to f5ve,
do any of you read? manga, novels etc. if you have any recommendations, please give!! thank u",1.0
mz8y23w,watashinoyokoi,エゴサーチのKAEDEちゃん、最近見たファンツイートの中で面白かったのは？,1.0
mz90ixq,fackextfox,ive been a fan since sg5! i was wondering if any of the girls have pets? if so plz share pics haha,1.0
mz93afw,Yotacho,Sayaka. What are some of your favorite fashion trends right now? And what's your least favorite?,1.0
mz95u7l,ifakuta,hello f5ve!! i’m a big fan &lt;3. which track from sequence 01 is each member’s fav rn? mine is real girl,1.0
mz8zrzn,lemongang,"to rui, how does it feel to be the youngest in the group? do the other members treat you well?",1.0
mz95zgf,iluvf5ve,Which song does each member love the most from the new album? ❤️btw love you guys so much.,1.0
mz97voa,PuzzleheadedFact3204,Could u girls recommend some jp movies cuz id like to watch some jp movies in my holiday xoxo,1.0
mz8yje7,f5veinthehaus,"to f5ve, 
you guys should collab with pinkpantheress!! do any of you like her music? ^^",1.0
mz96sgn,jqmpi,Latin America loves you F5ve!!! hope one day you girls have the chance to visit us 🤍,1.0
mz8xk1k,pixygwsn,"to f5ve,
i stayed up until 2am for this, do you have any remedies for big eyebags? lol",1.0
mz8xz1p,watashinoyokoi,次のネイルをおすすめして！また少し派手にしてみようかな 💅,1.0
mz8yyul,f5veinthehaus,"to rui, how did you react when you found out that you’d be collaborating with kesha?",1.0
mz92njf,gimpisgawd,"Are any of you fans the the late 90s boyband 5ive hit single ""When The Lights Go Out""?",1.0
mz8xf6u,likeruri,"to ruri,
what anime is your ultimate favourite? please give me your recommendations",1.0
mz9eo97,PuzzleheadedFact3204,Hi f5ve girls what's ur favorite Chinese food? And if there's any tour plans in CN? luv from CN❤,1.0
mz90rvi,Givemedreamss,What music genre would you like to be incorporated into f5ve's identity?,1.0
mz94360,min_hyun,hi f5ve!! do you guys have any idea what your next album will be like conceptually,1.0
mz8yl63,f5veinthehaus,"to ruri,
when people think of f5ve, what image do you want them to have in mind?",1.0
mz94kf8,PuzzleheadedFact3204,Will u girls come to CN to tour I’m always dreaming about that🥲love from CN,1.0
mz8xgxw,likeruri,"to f5ve,
what do you think about labubus? do you think they’re cute or ugly?",1.0
mz8y8cw,permagore,(another question!!!) what are your favourite brands to use for makeup!! :0,1.0
mz8zdun,watashinoyokoi,無人島に落ちたら、連れて行きたいメンバー一人は誰？,1.0
mz92691,GuaranteedCougher,アメリカからこんにちは！一番の外国料理は何ですか？,1.0
mz8xol9,watashinoyokoi,るいちゃん、Is there any dance you want to cover with f5ve members?,1.0
mz9ehho,SafeEstablishment767,Any Australia tour dates on the schedule? 👀 I love you all so much!!,1.0
mz9hbbx,CharmingOne5811,to Miyuu ，tell us something interesting happened to you recently 😘,1.0
mz7x9qb,OrdinaryScientist129,"finally she got him off the couch, husband off the sofa",487.0
mz7wbyn,No_Cauliflower_81,"All this for Paris, and London gets nothing with 6 shows… for Act III I’m going to Paris.",265.0
mz84k3c,Nice-Apartment-7128,Beyoncé said fuck night 2,46.0
mz7wwut,sentinel3000,THE CROWD ARE INSANE OMG SO JEALOUS,85.0
mz850uw,trulysweetener,I should be in Paris right now.,20.0
mz7xixo,No_Cauliflower_81,"Also it’s so funny that he did this the day after a certain someone had a drug-fuelled meltdown about him, especially since Cardi is in attendance for this show!",116.0
mz7z8pf,Emannyv93,Next act I’m going Paris I swear 🥲. This just isn’t fair lmao,30.0
mz7ye4n,ss2811,WHATTTT… where was this for London?!!!,17.0
mzd6fdz,Yingking,"He changed the “meet Ye” lyric to “meet Bey”, which is a good choice, but also makes me sad because it just reminds me of Kanye‘s downwards spiral",6.0
mzaenfi,NervousAssumption9,damn okay and nothing for the LA shows 😭,2.0
mz8pn08,[deleted],[removed],-13.0
mz9ijo3,[deleted],[removed],-1.0
mz8fmg5,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mz8x3z2,oakisthis,truly a goated collaboration - and it's always nice to see a [FRESH] tag next to caroline!,166.0
mz8qlet,Sassytcup,I'm ready and here for it!,44.0
mzb7yrx,azgarz,Very Pang 😍,39.0
mz9m2zk,vampqueenkris,both versions/mixes are so good in their own ways! love her so much. what a dream collab.,36.0
mzayngx,ThrowawayPrimavera,That modulation between the pre and the chorus is crazy,35.0
mzahcpi,Astrid323,Yes. To. All. Of. This!,29.0
mzcfhnp,bibliosquire,Cannot stop listening. The production on this is SO good. Her voice always blows me away,20.0
mzcn2mb,-ynnoj-,I wish Starburned and Sunkissed got unique cover art like this song! I love it. She does NOT phone in these promo droplets,18.0
mzcqig3,fieldmansounds,The P in Polachek stands for Strand.,17.0
mzb5idt,probablyfine,"Close enough, welcome back DJ Ocean",21.0
mzd7ocr,dh2cheerleader,This goat...,8.0
mzbdfz3,kimpernickel,"I don't know if this is gonna be in my top Caroline songs, but I do appreciate it in her catalogue!",9.0
n0icaii,Slow_Dragonfruit_,Okay this is awesome but am I crazy or is she kinda drawing from the track Inner Universe by Origa from the Ghost in the Shell anime?,2.0
mzd63m6,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mzdgn9s,choking_da_chicken,It's got a very Jamiroquai vibe. If this is the direction they go I won't be disappointed.,20.0
mzdwsoo,DaydreamingAtDusk,"i'm a simple girl - i hear saxophone, i'm on board",19.0
mzdmzfo,No_Barber4339,"Really like the groove but the lyrics are hilarious coming from the ""holy fucking fuck that body of yours is absurd"" guy


And just like the new kid laroi track, another hilarious example of a justin timberlake wannabe track better than his last album ",21.0
mzmfw26,tsang714,"Great groove. “All Night to the sunlight” is pretty cringey. “All Night, and it’s all right” or literally anything else prob would’ve hit hard. But love the verses and the second half of the chorus",3.0
mzzb2h7,bottomsupfellas,"Life is too short to pretend I hate them

This is fun",3.0
mzhcxvc,yvesdot,"I may be on strict nightcore lockdown at the moment but I like this! There's a lovely groove to the chorus. I wish they'd ease up even more on the obviousness of the vocal processing, but this is an improvement on ""Priceless"" and represents a promising direction for the album. And, as always, thanks to OP here for taking the bullet on posting a Maroon 5 release.",5.0
mzdav2s,OrdacityInTheCity,I will die if this is the 3rd cover / interpolation of the Icona Pop song,5.0
n0papha,topgeargorilla,"I know they are popular to hate but Maroon 5 makes some of the best hooks, summer bops, and his vocal quality has always sparkled.

What is it about his voice?",3.0
mzdqipa,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Apple Music]: [Maroon 5 - All Night](https://music.apple.com/us/album/all-night/1821537686 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [Maroon 5 - All Night](https://soundcloud.com/maroon-5/all-night ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=maroon%205%20all%20night) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/Maroon+5+all+night) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=Maroon+5+all+night&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/Maroon%205%20all%20night/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=maroon+5+all+night) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=Maroon+5+all+night) || [YouTube](https://youtube.com/results?search_query=Maroon+5+all+night) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=Maroon+5+all+night)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
mzifmjl,blankspacejrr,that sax sounds like a carly rae song. I forget which one but it’s on emotion. this is cute!,1.0
n0c4ew3,MrCracker3000,The chorus is really good.,1.0
mzf7vww,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Spotify]: [Ada Lea - something in the wind](https://open.spotify.com/track/5bzTOrKtnVIh8COiDBPZp2 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Apple Music]: [Ada Lea - something in the wind](https://music.apple.com/us/album/something-in-the-wind/1806145212 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Bandcamp]: [Ada Lea - something in the wind](https://adaleamusic.bandcamp.com/track/something-in-the-wind?from=search&amp;search_item_id=259428561&amp;search_item_type=t&amp;search_match_part=%3F&amp;search_page_id=4437435035&amp;search_page_no=1&amp;search_rank=1&amp;search_sig=a4193443d86501ed8d91b31ea3480e7f ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [Ada Lea - something in the wind](https://soundcloud.com/adaleamusic/something-in-the-wind ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/search/ada%20lea%20something%20in%20the%20wind) || [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=ada%20lea%20something%20in%20the%20wind) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/ada+lea+something+in+the+wind) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=ada+lea+something+in+the+wind&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/ada%20lea%20something%20in%20the%20wind/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=ada+lea+something+in+the+wind) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=ada+lea+something+in+the+wind) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=ada+lea+something+in+the+wind)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",2.0
mz8jqui,kabukitrolldoll,"Over / under on WAP, Up, Hot Shit, Bongos, Like What and Enough being on the tracklist LOL",175.0
mz8ilbe,greatbarrierrif,"""7 years and the time has come"", it looks like the album announcement is finally coming!",207.0
mz8p8w7,COCKHAMPTON_,If I had a nickel for every time Cardi B promoted an album during a major escalation in the US - Iran nuclear conflict I would have two nickels ,66.0
mz8i0yz,Hopeful_Book,I would have done a sneak peek for a teaser for an inside look for hint for an announcement,91.0
mz8lwsu,HeroGuy98,"I don‘t care what anyone says, I‘m actually seated for this! Yes, it took 84 years, but I will be tuning in regardless.",50.0
mz8qfvb,ss2811,The announcement for an announcement with Cardi will never not make me laugh 😭 but also FINALLLYYYY the album is coming,25.0
mz8pl2u,kyleg623,Imagine if it’s just a new fragrance or something 😂😂,21.0
mz9kku5,thorn_95,i’m still expecting her to be like “i bet you thought i was announcing the album”,7.0
mz8nv26,thiique,"The Beyonce quote and the fact she says ""beyond"" makes me think this is might be about Bey?? Lawd I'm too fanned out",16.0
mz8q11o,schmerpin,"One thing about Cardi, she'll serve you a visual. Perched for that album cover. I need some sickening videos from this era like before too. It looks like she's *hungry* for it again. Outside is pacing for a top 15/10 debut on the Hot 100. Things are going relatively well for her. Let's go!!",22.0
mzae5hi,andrxwzsz,"As you know, my single My Single Is Dropping is dropping.",6.0
mz9487c,Wouldyounot,"I don’t think I’ve truly felt happiness since I Like It was the song of the summer, so to say I’m excited is an understatement",13.0
mz8s7um,Vicariouslynoticed,"Finally!!

I am anticipating this!",9.0
mz8kq12,Soalai,Pop emergency...?,20.0
mz8p1zp,oOWalkingOnAirOo,Yesssss it’s time.,9.0
mz8nnqy,auntiegay2,OMG,7.0
mz8pia4,RegisterOk2927,The styling ain’t styling,2.0
mzdvt5k,Decent_Offer_2696,This her love and hip hop intro,1.0
mzaxvny,ZebraConscious7868,Watch it be a perfume or collaboration with a designer 😭,0.0
mz8nf1l,[deleted],[excluído],-4.0
mzdkmvt,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
n13kcg0,plumpudding2,The Qobuz release is taking forever this time :(,1.0
mzf31yx,SaxMan_Spiff,Baby Jane is so fucking awesome. “Otherworld” was great but the new album is somehow way better,2.0
mzcdv6b,kevinceptionz,Love the PR budget this time round,5.0
mzd2rux,edwinstone,Why does no one know what a ghostwriter is? It's not a ghostwriter if they're credited.,14.0
mzcciby,pianotat,"Just for clarification the article doesn't say anything about Cardi's album and the fact Lizzo was mentioned makes me think that the project was about their collaboration 'Rumours' rather than the album

Could be wrong tho",16.0
mzcbim6,SiphenPrax,Oh good we didn’t even need Cardi’s announcement! Thanks for breaking the news early!,10.0
mzf0sus,akanewasright,This is an interview from 2021,4.0
mzcfcvq,VapidRapidRabbit,"Playboi Carti’s music and sound is very feminine as well, quiet as kept.",7.0
mzd7yfl,kanguhrus,30 day writing camp lol,-2.0
mzby145,IhateLukaDoncic,Their name is baby don't cry?,9.0
mzbwwny,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Apple Music]: [Baby DONT Cry - F Girl](https://music.apple.com/us/album/f-girl/1820835247 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [Baby DONT Cry - F Girl](https://www.deezer.com/track/3412838961 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [F Girl - Baby DONT Cry -- uploaded by wixie](https://soundcloud.com/danila-burakov/f-girl-baby-dont-cry ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/search/baby%20dont%20cry%20f%20girl) || [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=baby%20dont%20cry%20f%20girl) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/baby+dont+cry+f+girl) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=baby+dont+cry+f+girl&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/baby%20dont%20cry%20f%20girl/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=baby+dont+cry+f+girl) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=baby+dont+cry+f+girl) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=baby+dont+cry+f+girl)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
mzgv1pj,joesen_one,Yep this is obviously written by Soyeon. Surprised Psy didn't work on this one.,1.0
mz39xdp,SiphenPrax,This is definitely the peak of a tour that a lot of people had questions on before it started (mainly because the Radical Optimism album cycle obviously has had its issues). But these two shows at Wembley were huge successes for Dua and I have to imagine she’ll do everything in her power to make her next album a huge one so she can do that stadium tour next time that she clearly wanted to do with this tour originally.,500.0
mz3ibs6,GodConcepts,"She first got troy, and now Charli.

Dua Lipa further confirming to us why she is brat",229.0
mz3p3c9,meditate-mcrae,did a full 360,63.0
mz3nujc,brunbrun24,"Wow that's major for Charli!!! She got so big in the last year, it's crazy to see",139.0
mz3yjty,blankspacejrr,this is just excellent. love seeing 2 queens queening out,44.0
mz5hfjv,Scoots_12,Still surprised no Radical Optimism Deluxe or additional singles/videos. 😥,23.0
mz680h1,Ok-Lake-462,Does anyone have any ideas of who she might bring out on Tuesday at Anfield?,6.0
mz76gko,ThePegasi,"I was there for night 1, would have gone for night 2 if I'd known but the surprise is part of the fun. I've been lucky enough to see Charli a couple of times recently so I can't complain at all. Even though I'm not a big fan it was cool seeing Jay Kay after him being everywhere in my youth.

And most importantly: Dua was incredible! So glad I finally got to see her live.",7.0
mz6o224,Davidiscool222,2 Icons,3.0
mz462ef,[deleted],[excluído],9.0
mz4px62,Shiney2510,The heading is really misleading. She announced the tour last year. The dates have been nearly sold out for ages. She's just posting about support acts,182.0
mz4kihd,bradtheinvincible,You mean support acts? Gigs are next week,169.0
mz4ljtl,ludicrousrigmarole,WHAT THE FUCK ADDISON,102.0
mz6dkv4,lifeislife3,"feeling really frustrated, i had tickets to BANKS in minneapolis that she is rescheduling due to a “meaningful reason”. Turns out she will be in the UK the same day my show was supposed to be. 

Regardless of opportunity I think it is really shitty to back out on your commitments. 

This has also been poorly communicated. The only communication about the rescheduling has been through a now deleted instagram post.",36.0
mz4lc6d,No_Pianist5264,Co-signed by Lana wow ik she liked Diet Pepsi and she had that one line about her wonder if she had known about the shoutout in her song lol Lana knows she's the blueprint,81.0
mz4qprs,glasgowgeg,"It would've been nice to have Addison as the support in Scotland, since she's completely ignored us for her tour later this year.

Also, BANKS seems to have cancelled gigs in the US quite last minute for this? That's a bit of a shit way to treat your fans.",60.0
mz4mwqd,prettybunbun,Gutted addison is only doing london 😭😭,34.0
mz4nf7z,Sickjoystick,Got tickets to the London show and I’m so thankful since I couldn’t get tickets to Addison’s London show in August 🙏,19.0
mz4po02,loneiver,"Lana, Banks, and London Grammar... wow I'm transported back to my early 2010s tumblr era",18.0
mz4ncep,langnate,Wembley is massive…,18.0
mz4le1o,howmuchisthemilk,"well no surprise for Addison being an opener, Lana loves to tease since she had a song of hers playing in a video she took.",17.0
mz4yl67,calebb2108,"addison rae opening for lana del rey

i can’t decide if my reaction is “yeah that makes perfect sense actually” or “ WHAT TIMELINE ARE WE IN?” there’s no in-between",9.0
mz4owwn,VinylRestingPlace,Liverpool robbed of Addison 😔,7.0
mz4o0ix,minesweetmine,this being announced on my birthday after i just saw dua as well and she brought out charli THANK YOU POP GODS,5.0
mz5f89m,m229929,Addison as an opener is pop emergency status.,7.0
mz6erq6,slothprincess16,I hope Lana and Addison sing Diet Pepsi together!!! 🥹,3.0
mz4s8pv,Appropriate-Dig-7080,"I was really on the fence about this one given how unpredictable Lana and her live shows are, but Addison opening has sold it to me now!",3.0
mz555qc,LSX3399,I can hear the screaming already. ,2.0
n0ajvsj,Expensive-Knee-3212,BANKS &amp; Addison !!,1.0
mz4pduc,ilikebiiiigdicks,Wait is this next year or in literally a weeks time? How the fuck am I meant to prepare!,1.0
mz4teqs,Evilthoughtdaughter,no bc I’m so annoyed about banks 💀 she had a semi hit like 10 years ago,-11.0
mz51lea,AmirulAshraf,"Azelia BANKS, right???",-6.0
mz5b5ki,Such-Landscape8538,May? but when is Lana's new album coming out? wasn't it supposed to come out in may?,0.0
mz5dyzo,Fevaweva,I was very confused because I live in Cardiff and know full well that she is performing here tomorrow.,0.0
mz586si,AutoModerator,"Please do not just list songs/albums/artists, your comment must have explanation/justification or it will be removed. Certain comments are also banned to increase the quality of discussion, see our Stale Topics list in the sidebar for examples. Please report any comments that are low effort discussion. Thanks!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mz5d47u,ellg91,Idk because What About Us was an absolute bop lol,95.0
mz5b9dr,erin_burr,"It seems like girl groups and boy bands have low rates of crossing over between the US and UK, with massive exceptions. Like Take That was a cultural phenomenon in the UK in the 90s and I thought it was a fictional band made up for an episode of Derry Girls until the monkey biopic came out.

It seems like there just wasn't anything special about them. According to their Wikipedia page for their debut album they recorded songs Girls Aloud rejected (who also never broke out in America).",191.0
mz5ow9t,oopsmady,"I am a from the US &amp; a huge Sats fan even still!! It was just that time when 1D and The Wanted were already huge in the mainstream and lots of UK bands were trying to cross over. Girl groups have had a hard time with US public since the early 2000s though.

If you watch the show, I remember Una &amp; Rochelle were the ones who were very weary of going to try to break America. They had been active as a group for almost 5 years at that point. Una just had her (then) baby Aofie, and Rochelle was already married to Marvin &amp; pregnant with her own. The show &amp; the US EP were the only chance to break into America. Unfortunately, it just did not work! They went back to the UK and did lots of promo for “What About Us” which became their only #1 song. 

Unfortunately just a year, they released their “Greatest Hits - Finest Selection” and had their last tour. They went on hiatus and haven’t looked back. 

Each of the girls are doing great; Vanessa’s music is great but she goes on vacation a lot it seems, Mollie is a mom of 2 now and likes to radio host, Una is a mom of 2 and doing her own Irish country music, Rochelle is a mom of 3 and is a TV personality now, and Frankie also is a mom of 2 and sometimes does TV shows.

I am just glad we have still have their great &amp; fun music to remember the group by! They didn’t need America 😆",43.0
mz5c3i8,Live_Television7810,"The Saturdays were great, but their show was not good. It takes a lot to break into the US market and by the time their show and the Living for the Weekend album came out I feel like they were all ready to move on with their lives anyway.",31.0
mz5s2yf,rockerfemmefantasy,"I was a big fan of them and have a huge collection of their work, I loved them but they weren’t even that popular in the UK I’ll be honest. They started off well but I remember every time they had a single or new album out all the fans were stressing about the chart positions and sales. They usually did JUST enough not to get dropped but I think we were all surprised they lasted as long as they did. As people they were all sweet and nice but they were often criticised for not having much personality and not being very unique. They weren’t anywhere near as interesting as Girls Aloud or Sugababes and I even remember Little Mix said a couple things about them that weren’t too nice.

I remember when Wordshaker the second album came out and after the two singles, it was sort of repackaged as the Headlines EP. Wordshaker hadn’t sold well and they almost pretended it didn’t exist, it wasn’t on streaming for years! Headlines was a new EP with some Wordshaker songs and some new ones. An extended version was released later with more Wordshaker tracks. 

When On Your Radar, the third album was released and didn’t get into the top 20 we were shocked and thought it was the end but they managed another album luckily. Back then pop bands had to do well in general or else. Even Girls Aloud felt the pressure, as they showed on their On The Record documentary.",27.0
mz5abyx,Puzzleheaded-Baby998,"Girl Groups/BoyBands weren't super popular in the US at the time, other than One Direction, and it takes a lot of effort to break the US without a viral hit, which The Saturdays never had stateside.

It's a slog to start at the bottom again once you've already achieved a decent amount of success in another country and sometimes it's just not worth the push.

I loved a lot of their music but it just never found footing in the US. The Wanted had similar experiences, though slightly more successful thanks to Glad You Came being embraced by US Radio.",40.0
mz5hcpa,Apprehensive-Art8187,I think they just weren’t able to connect with an American audience. My favorite songs of theirs are the ones with an uptempo Eurodance sound which isn’t the most popular in America. Girl groups in general have been having a tough time breaking through since the late 2000s which is disappointing.,16.0
mz5i9p3,09171,I loved them. I remember I saw them open at a festival thing in the US and they literally came out when the arena wasn't even 1/3 of the way full and the lights were still on. It was so awkward. I was probably the only person that knew every song 🥲,11.0
mz590jk,Folklore-13-Evermore,"Their music never had that spark, they are largely forgotten. They were nothing distinct about them. I couldn’t name the girls from the groups unlike Little Mix or Spice Girls",52.0
mz6a7no,Mission_Ambitious,I’m an American that discovered them through their reality show and British TV. The truth is they were too old by the time they tried to break through in America. Una had a kid and Rochelle was pregnant when they were performing on the American TV and radio shows. 5H and Little Mix filled the girl group space and were a decade younger,7.0
mz6accg,Cherry_Dull,They went triple platinum on my iPod,8.0
mz8852a,New_Sweet_8053,"I mean they weren't megastars in the UK either. So Saturday-mania could hardly make a transatlantic journey. They just seemed like they were just 'there' filling in a gap between bigger girl bands.

They were exceptionally pretty girls, some cute songs, no distinctive sound or stand out vocals. A bit forgettable.

 Unlike other manufactured bands they didn't launch off a show like the X Factor or Pop Idol so no endearing 'journey' or underdog stories. Female bands have it harder gaining loyal fans without loads of charisma.",8.0
mz6miys,ADoseofBuckley,"There are a TON of British/UK bands who either never made it in the US, or certainly weren't as famous as they were over there. If you watch Richard Osman's House of Games they'll make a ton of references to bands like Wet Wet Wet or Take That, who had effectively zero impact in North America. The Brits will talk about the Battle of Britpop there, but here it was a battle in the same way Mike Tyson fighting a 4 year old would be a ""battle"", Oasis was fairly big, while Blur and Pulp are effectively one-hit wonders (Song 2 and Common People respectively are all most Americans would recognize from either band).  

I think it comes down to, for the most part, Americans like American music. Of course there's the occasional outlier, and fans of certain genres online may make it seem like certain musicians are more popular than they really are, but by-and-large, Americans want to hear Americans (or Canadians who sound American enough).",7.0
mz7b9cn,Mylaex,"They picked the absolute worst time to try to break into America. Una had a very young child and was about to be pregnant with her 2nd one and had lost the desire to be part of the band. Then like clockwork everytime one member would give birth, another one would get pregnant and not be into the band anymore either (Rochelle, Frankie, Una).",6.0
mz5iw04,IllustriousLimit8473,"Una Healy has great solo music, you should really listen to Walk Away or Battlelines",9.0
mz59tv4,Clarl020,"I remember reading somewhere, I can’t remember where, that their TV show never took off in America because the girls actually seemed to get on and like each other. American viewers want drama and fights but the girls actually seemed close lol. 

I think it may have been an interview with some executive who said it wasn’t renewed for that reason? 

I like(d) the Saturdays, it’s a shame they never quite took off overseas.",14.0
mz5ghsj,Alone-Assistance6787,The Saturdays were budget Girls Aloud and then Little Mix outshone them immediately. They just weren't that good. ,18.0
mz5j3zr,VapidRapidRabbit,"Generic and no true star power, tbh.",11.0
mz5tamq,Emergency_Good_6492,"I think their reality show really wasn’t very good for the US market. There was very little drama, no fights between members or rivalry and they refused to fake scenes like that as they all got along. They were too nice for a US girlband basically.",3.0
mz5yagr,DueDoor2463,Man I love them that song EGO IS A MASTERPIECE,4.0
mzasq3m,biscuitsorbullets,"They came across as half assed and corny. The music was pretty basic and manufactured. They had some good songs but were terrible at picking singles and marketing themselves. My Heart Takes Over as a single  killed the momentum of the On Your Radar era. The show aired on the E network which kind of doomed it from the start. Nobody was watching that channel in their target audience unless they already knew of them from the UK, and it wasn’t really advertised well. They weren’t really good at putting themselves out there for the American audience to notice them. Plus a few of the members (Frankie and Mollie) had questionable vocals. And I say that as someone who was a fan and rooting for them to make it in the US and watched their show and lowkey stanned them.",3.0
mz5qfp5,simpleflavors1,"I watched their show because I was an S Club fan, it was boring.  And I think their lead singer Vanessa has no stage presence.  


By the time they were in the US they had to compete against 5H.  I wonder if they would have been more successful a few years earlier when there was no competition.  ",5.0
mz5o3w9,machooo,They were kind of rubbish. I remember Simon Amstell said on Never Mind the Buzzcocks that The Saturdays were the answer to the question “What would Girls Aloud be like with less catchy music?”,7.0
mz6093o,bdtechted,"I think people in the U.S. prefer seeing a girl group start off as teens and grow into women in front of their eyes. They also like to see imperfect become perfect along the way.

The Saturdays were already grown-up by the time they hit the U.S. and were too polished for any American to spot any flaws to improve on. And as someone else mentioned already - they get along. American media would’ve wanted catfights. They were already past that phase.",3.0
mz6rmp5,soyrizotaco,The Saturdays' music was never really that good. It's not like they were super huge in the UK compared to their girl group predecessors.,2.0
mzahyew,RadioSilens,"It's funny/sad, I'm an American and got into them around 2013 and never realized they even attempted to break into the US market. I randomly found their MVs on YouTube and got into them.",3.0
mzduzuy,Kendal_with_1_L,Fight me but the saturdays had better music than Girls Aloud.,2.0
mz5on0t,ABoringAddress,"Because they blew. Just kidding, just kidding, they only sucked. SORRY, sorry, I'm being mean, they were just... They basically tried to make the Spice Girls but only out of different versions of Posh Spice. But mostly, they had no distinctive identity, compared to other groups and among themselves. They basically came across as if their producers had selected them from a modeling agency catalogue and picked the ones that more or less could sing. Which is kinda how they were brought together.",2.0
mz69brr,AgentJ691,It’s a shame. In another universe they would of made it big in the states.,2.0
mz6iswn,ChipmunkAmazing2105,I like their music but they just don't have the it factor,1.0
mz6kdmi,conjarpenter,"Pop music overall has moved away from groups. I think in addition to certain pop music working in the UK that doesn’t work in the U.S., their name + the existence of a reality show made them feel kind of…low budget or fake? Idk that was my impression",2.0
mz6vz50,cafe-naranja,"""Chasing Lights"" is a great song!",2.0
mz7juzz,trichomeking94,"maybe a hot take but Destiny’s Child kind of pulled the ladder up for girl groups in America coming out of the 90s into the 2000s… how much of that was intentional is left to speculation 

We did have Danity Kane in the mid 2000s but they weren’t really popular outside of America afaik",1.0
mz7wret,fakeaf1,"I think their vibe was a little too UK/European sonically and visually. It was fine for One Direction because they were catering to teen girls and their music was rock tinged. The Saturdays were women in their mid-20s when they tried to break the US market and would have been competing with US female popstars in their prime who were making pop music catered to US audiences. 

Anyway, US audiences missed out on some classics.",1.0
mz8kte4,niicofrank,unlike girls aloud who just never really tried to break out the Saturdays music on whole just wasn’t very good or interesting enough to cross over and I say that as a fan of theirs,1.0
mz8td7f,threshing_overmind,"We had limited brain space after The Sundays, Thursday and the Happy Mondays.",1.0
mz8z8x2,Fickle_Music_788,They were crap. The Atomic Kitten of the 2010s if you will.,1.0
mzawx80,_ThatProtOverThere,Girl bands were corny in the late 2000s and The Saturdays just didn't have a unique flavour in music nor visual except Frankie's haircut lol. There's a reason Little Mix didn't mention them in the long list of girl bands when they won Best British Group as the first female group to do so.,1.0
mzax8vs,According_Plant701,"They are fine, they have some fun bops but to me they didn’t stand out like Girls Aloud or Little Mix did.",1.0
mzft3c6,ira_1991,"I’ve always been into British TV and pop culture, so it honestly makes me a bit sad that some UK bands never got the global success they truly deserved. One Direction and The Wanted were lucky they came in at just the right moment, targeted the right audience, and got that ticket: U.S. radio airplay. But so many other talented groups didn’t get the same break.

Busted really spoke to British teens w/their cheeky, rebellious pop-punk felt like a soundtrack to the young millenials. They have fun, catchy &amp; humor in their sound but it didn’t translate across the Atlantic. The US arent into cheeky personalities &amp; music.

McFly is another group that didnt translate because they were too british despite being massively over the UK. They had the same feel as Busted but more rhythm, alot of surf, power pop, britpop and pop rock influences that had this charming, boy-next-door vibe. This kinda style didn’t fit the trends dominating the U.S. charts.

The Saturdays were all about glam, confidence, and dancefloor anthems which primarly would've been a hit especially at the EDM era in the US. Their image is like the cool big sisters of UK pop. They brought catchy hooks and bold colorful visuals, perfect for a night out. They even had a U.S. reality show, but in the end, they just didn’t break through in the oversaturated American pop scene and there's not alot of charisma or a member who stands out (i.e. the Harry Styles of the group).

Girls Aloud were in a league of their own . They were more of the older sisters of The Saturdays. They're  sexy, bold, stylish, and adventurous. But like McFly, their sound was so distinctly British, and they didnt bother to promote outside the UK and remained a homegrown act.

JLS had that classic rnb boyband appeal with smooth vocals, matching outfits. Alot of their hits were huge in the UK, especially for younger fans. But in a U.S. market already filled with solo R&amp;B acts and no real space for another boyband.

Little Mix definitely had international appeal their vocals, harmonies, and empowering lyrics made them stand out from the start. Alot of their songs were radio friendly &amp; were pure pop perfection. But despite their global fanbase, a lack of consistent U.S. label support meant they never quite got the spotlight they deserved in America.

Its really all about the marketing and the label push.",1.0
mz5ymvv,Silly-Mountain-6702,"being pretty isn't the same as being sexy, and let's be real, what's on offer here isn't talent.",0.0
mz58svl,Big-Explanation-831,Because they suck,-18.0
mz9k2ll,youtbuddcody,"Lorde just sent out a text message that read, 

&gt; I think it's time for full transparency.....

But, nothing else. I wonder what it means?",26.0
mz7r45n,SiphenPrax,"Early Predictions for the Billboard Hot 100 for the Week of Jun. 20-Jun. 26 per Talk of the Charts

* Alex Warren’s “Ordinary” is expected to stay at the Number 1 spot for a fourth week.
* Cardi B’s “Outside” is expected to debut at the Number 14 spot",26.0
mz6z0on,pianotat,"Cardi B's new single reaches #1 on US Apple Music on its second day

It also falls to #38 on US Spotify",46.0
mz6ruwv,backupsaway,"In the aftermath of Bonnaroo and Live Nation pulling the plug on the festival after only a day it started due to severe weather, they [have announced](https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/music-news/bonnaroo-music-and-arts-festival-issue-full-refunds-1236296482/) that they will now be issuing 100% refunds to ticketholders. They had originally announced a refund of 75% but changed it after receiving backlash from attendees.

The have also announced that they are looking into plans to improve The Farm where the festival takes place and that they will not be announcing any future dates for the festival at the moment.",59.0
mz6p89k,ss2811,"Demi Lovato’s comeback single is expected to sample Crazy in Love by Beyoncé, as it has been registered by the Japanese Society for Rights of Authors Composers and Publishers (JASRAC).

If this is true then it looks like we might be in for a very fun, 00s pop inspired era from Demi!",68.0
mz6ouil,ItsGotThatBang,"[‘28 Years Later’ Still Feasting $30M, ‘Elio’ At $21M Is Pixar’s Lowest Opening Ever, ‘Dragon’ Rules With $37M Second Weekend](https://deadline.com/2025/06/box-office-28-years-later-elio-dragon-1236438207/)",22.0
mz6knqu,SiphenPrax,Morgen Wallen brought out Drake at his stadium show in Houston last night,60.0
mz6kfz5,Frajer,"Timbaland is claiming he didn't know he was using a KFresh beat without his permission to make AI [music](https://www.instagram.com/p/DLIpBQGOUUo/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link&amp;img_index=1) and the song has been removed, sure Jan",36.0
mz6j1f7,SiphenPrax,"Final Predictions for the Billboard Hot 100 for the Week of Jun. 13-Jun. 19 per Talk of the Charts

* Alex Warren’s “Ordinary” is expected yo return to the Number 1 spot for a third week.
* Sabrina Carpenter’s “Manchild” is expected to drop to the Number 2 spot 
* Leon Thomas’ “Mutt” is expected to reach a new peak at the Number 12 spot
* Ravyn Lenae’s “Love Me Not” is expected to reach a new peak at the Number 16 spot
* Ella Langley’s “Weren’t For The Wind” is expected to reach a new peak at the Number 23 spot
* Benson Boone’s “Sorry I’m Here For Someone Else” is expected to reach a new peak at the Number 27 spot
* Benson Boone’s “Mystical Magical” is expected to reach a new peak at the Number 28 spot
* Shaboozey’s “Good News” is expected to reach a new peak at the Number 30 spot
* Chris Brown’s “Holy Blindfold” is expected to debut at the Number 86 spot. It will mark his 119th career entry.",31.0
mz6o1mi,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mzs2kjx,Akpheart,Unexpectedly fire for this kind of thing,24.0
n0fehph,Enthu-Beaver,"Kind of obsessed - the vocals are incredible, the writing and production are on par with actual chart toppers, and the animation is super cute!",16.0
n217dk3,holalily,"""Your Idol"" goes wayy too hard for a fictional group. If the Saja Boys were real, I'd be a huge K pop fan again.",8.0
n1xuppc,christopher_aia,"Finally got around to seeing the movie, so much fun and they really made some kpop bangers! This album is so fun.",4.0
mz78sxh,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Apple Music]: [KPop Demon Hunters Cast, HUNTRX &amp; Saja Boys - KPop Demon Hunters (Soundtrack from the Netflix Film)](https://music.apple.com/us/album/kpop-demon-hunters-soundtrack-from-the-netflix-film/1820264137 ""Confidence: 83%"")

\[Deezer]: [KPop Demon Hunters Cast - KPop Demon Hunters (Soundtrack from the Netflix Film)](https://www.deezer.com/album/771853201 ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=KPop%20Demon%20Hunters%20Cast%20kpop%20demon%20hunters) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/KPop+Demon+Hunters+Cast+kpop+demon+hunters) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=KPop+Demon+Hunters+Cast+kpop+demon+hunters&amp;item_type=a) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/KPop%20Demon%20Hunters%20Cast%20kpop%20demon%20hunters/album) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/albums?q=KPop+Demon+Hunters+Cast+kpop+demon+hunters) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=KPop+Demon+Hunters+Cast+kpop+demon+hunters) || [YouTube](https://youtube.com/results?search_query=KPop+Demon+Hunters+Cast+kpop+demon+hunters&amp;sp=EgIQAw%25253D%25253D) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=KPop+Demon+Hunters+Cast+kpop+demon+hunters)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
mzh5nlb,rita-b,"The low raspy old smoker voices are very strange on an OST for kids' series. 

Korean lines are also poorly pronounced like there was no language speaker in the studio...",-4.0
mz8ick4,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mz8jybj,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Spotify]: [bella amor - daisyfields](https://open.spotify.com/track/2VLGEfXOL6KhZnKySdhnBa ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Apple Music]: [bella amor - daisyfields](https://music.apple.com/us/album/daisyfields/1813288351 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [bella amor - daisyfields](https://www.deezer.com/track/3359107331 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [bella amor - daisyfields](https://soundcloud.com/thebellaamor/daisy-fields ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/search/bella%20amor%20daisyfields) || [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=bella%20amor%20daisyfields) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/bella+amor+daisyfields) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=bella+amor+daisyfields&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/bella%20amor%20daisyfields/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=bella+amor+daisyfields) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=bella+amor+daisyfields) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=bella+amor+daisyfields)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
mz8oxpj,Hopeful_Book,This is such a vibe 😎,1.0
mz755rn,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mz7emrg,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Apple Music]: [Tommy Genesis - True Blue](https://music.apple.com/us/album/true-blue/1818207575 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [Tommy Genesis - True Blue](https://www.deezer.com/track/3396543001 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [Tommy Genesis - True Blue](https://soundcloud.com/tommygenesis/true-blue ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=tommy%20genesis%20true%20blue) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/Tommy+Genesis+true+blue) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=Tommy+Genesis+true+blue&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/tommy%20genesis%20true%20blue/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=tommy+genesis+true+blue) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=Tommy+Genesis+true+blue) || [YouTube](https://youtube.com/results?search_query=Tommy+Genesis+true+blue) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=Tommy+Genesis+true+blue)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",2.0
mz8j4lp,TiltControls,"Thanks sean and pbk for being this year's taylor discourse gatekeepers! We appreciate everything you do

[Leaderboard](https://www.reddit.com/r/popheads/wiki/index/rate-leaderboard) and [songlist](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1A5h-JTTP_9oazhHjf8dXyPMsf3kVJjy1lU1ZjJd0_Vk/edit#gid=1275570508) updates! 

#[**Songs**](https://www.reddit.com/r/popheads/wiki/index/rate-leaderboard/songs)

Congrats to Beyoncé for sticking with her tried and true tactics winning yet another rate with **YA YA**! It will go great with the other trophies on her shelf! Really at least the top 4 or 5 deserved 9+, but for today we're just stuck with our winner.

* 362nd: Brandy - I Thought (9.106)
* **363rd: Beyoncé - YA YA** / Lady Gaga - Poker Face / Rina Sawayama - Dynasty (9.105)
* 366th: Mariah Carey - A No No / Muse - Supermassive Black Hole (9.104)

**Songs**

* **thanK you aIMee**? more like ThANK you aimee as it becomes the sub's 69th worst rated song of all time. On the rankings we called it slightly better than Brian Wilson's Smart Girls and slightly worse than Jason Derulo's Wiggle.
* **thanK you aIMee** also becomes the 27th most 0'd song on the sub with 18 to its name. It ties other classics with this number like Ur So Gay, Rico Suave, Institutionalized, and SHEESH.

#[**Artists**](https://www.reddit.com/r/popheads/wiki/index/rate-leaderboard/artists)

All three of the artists in the rate are our most rated so we're looking at only slight shifts as these extra songs are nothing more than a drop in a bucket (or a couple drops considering how many tracks these projects had). Rankings out of 461

\-

* 163rd: Missy Elliott (7.709)
* **164th: Beyoncé (7.705) [PREV 152nd]** / Wonder Girls (7.705)
* 165th: Sly &amp; The Family Stone (7.699)

\-

* 280th: Eurythmics (7.377)
* **281st: Ariana Grande (7.374) [PREV 285th]**
* 282nd: 2NE1 (7.372)

\-

* 345th: Alessia Cara (7.139)
* **346th: Taylor Swift (7.120) [PREV 330th]**
* 347th: Jess Glynne (7.112)

Feature Changes

* Florence + The Machine: 83rd -&gt; 90th
* Miley Cyrus: 344th -&gt; 336th
* Post Malone: 410th -&gt; 405th

**Stats**

* **Beyoncé** picks up her 7th rate win today, extending her lead over the next highest which is The Weeknd at 5. This is more than double Ariana and Taylor's rate wins combined. This isn't even including the extra win she got with Destiny's Child with Say My Name.
* **Taylor** joins the lead on a similar leaderboard as she picks up her 5th last place finish with thanK you aIMee. It joins her other last places in Bad Blood, ME!, Bad Blood (again), and Vigilante Shit. She ties Madonna and Panic! At the Disco for the most in this category.
* **Taylor** becomes the first artist to break 200 songs rated (and thensome) as TTPD puts her at 222. The number is only bound to go up in a few months once we tackle Reputation again. She has more than 40 tracks above her next competitor, which happens to be **Beyoncé** at 185. With this rate **Ariana** also moves up from 5th to 3rd with 144 songs now (passing Carly and Rihanna) meaning the three artists in this rate are now also our 3 artists with the most songs rated on the sub!
* **Taylor** also breaks another milestone, this one for being the first artist to hit 500 zeroes! She sits at 549 now, which is almost triple the next highest artist (Charli at 185)
* **Taylor** continues her milestone streak as she becomes the first artist to win songeniality 10 times. Her previous wins in this category of robbed cuts include All Too Well, King of My Heart, Style\*, Better Than Revenge, Death By A Thousand Cuts, Out of the Woods, Karma, Karma (again), and tolerate it. (\*Though Style was an odd case of a free-for-all songeniality vote from winners 1, so not a standard win)

#[**Albums**](https://www.reddit.com/r/popheads/wiki/index/rate-leaderboard/albums)

Well at least Bey had someone kind of keeping pace with her average this time around. Rankings out of 493


* 282nd: MUNA - MUNA / Phoebe Bridgers - Stranger in the Alps / Niall Horan - Heartbreak Weather (7.527)
* **285th: Beyoncé - Cowboy Carter (7.523)**
* 286th: Lizzo - Cuz I Love You (7.511)
* **287th: Ariana Grande - Eternal Sunshine** / Harry Styles - Fine Line (7.505)
* 289th: Troye Sivan - Bloom (7.504)

\-

* 475th: Lorde - Solar Power (6.586)
* **476th: Taylor Swift - The Tortured Poets Department: The Anthology (6.582)**
* 477th: Black Eyed Peas - Monkey Business (6.577)


**Stats**

* **The Tortured Poets Department** becomes the 18th lowest rated album on the sub! Considering the trashing Midnights got fans are probably just glad it's not lower
* **The Tortured Poets Department** also becomes the 9th most controversial album rated! With this addition to the top 10, Taylor now occupies 4 spots on the most controversial albums list with Midnights (2nd), Reputation (4th), TTPD (9th), and Red (10th). 1989 (19th) is also on the top 25 leaderboard
* **The Tortured Poets Department** just barely avoids picking up more than half of the 0s of the rate as it sits at 49.6%, however this isn't enough to save it from 2nd in the overall leaderboard for the stat. Luckily she had something else blocking her from the top spot (hint: it's also taylor)
* Let's talk about something other than TTPD now. **Cowboy Carter** gets a leaderboard spot too! This time for biggest score gap between songs as 4.343 separates the average of YA YA and OH LOUISIANA. It's just barely enough to get her into 24th and into the top 25 for this stat. Also you know when I said let's stop talking about **The Tortured Poets Department**? Well I lied. The score difference on the album between Guilty As Sin and thanK you aIMee totals to 4.328 which is just barely enough to sneak behind CC into 25th for biggest score gaps.

Also the full 0/11 breakdown

* Taylor - 30.5% of 11s, 49.6% of 0s
* Beyoncé - 40.5% of 11s, 16.8% of 0s
* Ariana - 22.1% of 11s, 6.1% of 0s

#[**Rates**](https://www.reddit.com/r/popheads/wiki/index/rate-leaderboard/rates)

Considering the tanking TTPD and its 50 billion songs got this actually isn't too bad. Rankings are out of 222

* 171st: Unorthodox Jukebox vs. Purpose vs. The 20/20 Experience vs. x (7.112)
* **172nd: Eternal Sunshine vs. Cowboy Carter vs. The Tortured Poets Department: The Anthology (7.108)**
* 173rd: Eurodance (7.104)

**Stats**

* **Beyoncé** joins the legion of artists to have swept the top 3 of their rate, most recently Charli with BRAT. This is her 2nd time doing so as RENAISSANCE not only swept the top 3, but also got a top 4 sweep!",13.0
mz8b0vk,seanderlust,"Also, full results are here:

Results:

* \#1: Beyonce – YA YA | 9.105 | 1192.7
* \#2: Beyonce – BODYGUARD | 8.897 | 1165.5
* \#3: Beyonce – 16 CARRIAGES | 8.852 | 1159.6
* \#4: Ariana Grande – we can't be friends (wait for your love) | 8.663 | 1134.9
* \#5: Beyonce – AMERIICAN REQUIEM | 8.503 | 1113.9
* \#6: Beyonce – II HANDS II HEAVEN | 8.450 | 1107.0
* \#7: Taylor Swift – Guilty as Sin? | 8.433 | 1104.7
* \#8: Beyonce – TYRANT | 8.355 | 1094.5
* \#9: Ariana Grande – bye | 8.302 | 1087.5
* \#10: Beyonce – TEXAS HOLD 'EM | 8.225 | 1077.5
* \#11: Beyonce – II MOST WANTED | 8.150 | 1067.7
* \#12: Ariana Grande – supernatural | 8.140 | 1066.3
* \#13: Beyonce – RIIVERDANCE | 8.086 | 1059.3
* \#14: Ariana Grande – twilight zone | 8.060 | 1055.8
* \#15: Beyonce – DAUGHTER | 7.887 | 1033.2
* \#16: Ariana Grande – the boy is mine | 7.870 | 1031.0
* \#17: Taylor Swift – The Black Dog | 7.779 | 1019.0
* \#18: Beyonce – SWEET HONEY BUCKIIN' | 7.687 | 1007.0
* \#19: Ariana Grande – eternal sunshine | 7.622 | 998.5
* \#20: Ariana Grande – warm | 7.603 | 996.0
* \#21: Beyonce – AMEN | 7.542 | 988.0
* \#22: Ariana Grande – intro (end of the world) | 7.464 | 977.8
* \#23: Taylor Swift – I Can Do It With a Broken Heart | 7.417 | 971.6
* \#24: Beyonce – BLACKBIIRD | 7.398 | 969.2
* \#25: Beyonce – PROTECTOR | 7.347 | 962.5
* \#26: Taylor Swift – The Prophecy | 7.334 | 960.8
* \#27: Taylor Swift – So High School | 7.308 | 957.3
* \#28: Beyonce – LEVII'S JEANS | 7.302 | 956.5
* \#29: Ariana Grande – yes, and? | 7.301 | 956.4
* \#30: Beyonce – ALLIIGATOR TEARS | 7.296 | 955.8
* \#31: Ariana Grande – don't wanna break up again | 7.265 | 951.7
* \#32: Ariana Grande – imperfect for you | 7.242 | 948.7
* \#33: Taylor Swift – But Daddy I Love Him | 7.208 | 944.3
* \#34: Ariana Grande – true story | 7.182 | 940.8
* \#35: Ariana Grande – past life | 7.181 | 940.7
* \#36: Taylor Swift – Fortnight (feat. Post Malone) | 7.131 | 934.2
* \#37: Taylor Swift – So Long, London | 7.094 | 929.3
* \#38: Ariana Grande – dandelion | 7.085 | 928.1
* \#39: Taylor Swift – The Bolter | 7.039 | 922.1
* \#40: Ariana Grande – Hampstead | 7.027 | 920.5
* \#41: Beyonce – SPAGHETTII | 7.003 | 917.4
* \#42: Taylor Swift – loml | 6.963 | 912.1
* \#43: Taylor Swift – Clara Bow | 6.864 | 899.2
* \#44: Ariana Grande – i wish i hated you | 6.795 | 890.1
* \#45: Taylor Swift – Florida!!! (feat. Florence + The Machine) | 6.792 | 889.8
* \#46: Ariana Grande – ordinary things (feat. Nonna) | 6.787 | 889.1
* \#47: Beyonce – JUST FOR FUN | 6.775 | 887.5
* \#48: Beyonce – FLAMENCO | 6.735 | 882.3
* \#49: Taylor Swift – Down Bad | 6.732 | 881.9
* \#50: Taylor Swift – I Look in People's Windows | 6.726 | 881.1
* \#51: Taylor Swift – Fresh Out The Slammer | 6.720 | 880.3
* \#52: Taylor Swift – Chloe or Sam or Sophia or Marcus | 6.712 | 879.3
* \#53: Taylor Swift – The Albatross | 6.621 | 867.4
* \#54: Taylor Swift – imgonnagetyouback | 6.597 | 864.2
* \#55: Taylor Swift – The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived | 6.556 | 858.8
* \#56: Beyonce – DESERT EAGLE | 6.526 | 854.9
* \#57: Taylor Swift – My Boy Only Breaks His Favorite Toys | 6.476 | 848.4
* \#58: Taylor Swift – How Did It End? | 6.469 | 847.4
* \#59: Beyonce – MY ROSE | 6.421 | 841.2
* \#60: Taylor Swift – Peter | 6.330 | 829.2
* \#61: Taylor Swift – The Manuscript | 6.278 | 822.4
* \#62: Taylor Swift – I Hate It Here | 6.221 | 814.9
* \#63: Taylor Swift – The Tortured Poets Department | 6.202 | 812.5
* \#64: Taylor Swift – Who's Afraid of Little Old Me? | 5.843 | 765.4
* \#65: Taylor Swift – The Alchemy | 5.788 | 758.2
* \#66: Taylor Swift – Cassandra | 5.731 | 750.8
* \#67: Beyonce – JOLENE | 5.717 | 748.9
* \#68: Taylor Swift – I Can Fix Him (No Really I Can) | 5.319 | 696.8
* \#69: Taylor Swift – Robin | 5.268 | 690.1
* \#70: Beyonce – OH LOUISIANA | 4.762 | 623.8
* \#71: Taylor Swift – thanK you aIMee | 4.105 | 537.7",10.0
mz86sts,dreamingpastel,"Catching up on the rate, and while I fully expected a Beyonce sweep, I'm still pleasantly surprised at the (deserving!) winner.

Huge huge thank you to the hosts!! This was a fantastic rate and reveal. 😊",5.0
mz85pkd,ambitiousbulbasaur,Thank you again to the hosts!!!! This must've taken so much work and it was so fun the entire way through (even with Controversies). Y'all deserve a thousand treats of your choice 🌟🥂🌸,7.0
mz820o2,hikkaru,"don't worry fellow swifties i'm sure TS12 vs act III in 2026 ult will be different... third time's the charm...

thank you hosts!!",29.0
mz81pz5,uiscebeathaoir,Tysm hosts this was such a fun reveal ~~(even if I was just bitching abt Ari for most of it)~~ I had such a good time!,7.0
mz81pm9,DilemmaOfAHedgehog,I had fun! Ty for hosting the rate 🙇🏻‍♀️,6.0
mz81hwp,nonchalantthoughts,"Thank you sean and pbk! I was super on the fence on making a ballot as an anthology in ult-anti, but I'm glad I did and I had fun. Wish I won with my 11 though, but good winner nonetheless. Had fun with my shitpost cameos too. :)",5.0
mz816wi,PrettyBirbKotori,"thank you all so much for tuning in and thank you to u/seanderlust for being a lovely cohost!! i will personally be staying AWAKE to do the [70s pop soul rate](https://www.reddit.com/r/popheads/comments/1kd7gmr/70s_popsoul_rate/) due TODAY!

  
you can find the day 3 playlist [here ](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLFeMjPUKGBr5CVWgdeDTgliJzKEIxRmIL)btw! there's some bangers in there",10.0
mz810b7,cinnamonpretzel1989,this was so much fun (even if TTPD got destroyed)! I love all three of these albums and I had a great time. thank you for hosting!,5.0
mz80i7q,seanderlust,"thank you all for attending! and a massive thank you to my co-hostie u/PrettyBirbKotori. &lt;3 i'm gonna go take a big nap now. let's hope 2025 is as good as 2024 was for music, and better than 2024 in every single other department.

---

[All Scores](https://pastebin.com/nwx9chY6)

[Positivity Scores](https://pastebin.com/DhCEvZW0)

[Negativity Scores](https://pastebin.com/S5b4aZ4K)

---

Number of participants: 131

Average score: 7.108

Average controversy score: 2.118

Highest controversy: Who's Afraid of Little Old Me? (3.140)

Lowest controversy: 16 CARRIAGES (1.305)

Most 11s: we can't be friends (wait for your love) (15)

Most 0s: thanK you aIMee (18)",6.0
mz7zyw2,cinnamonpretzel1989,YA YA DESERVED,5.0
mz7zv49,seanderlust,"
# COWBOY CARTER

---

**Overall Average**: 7.523 **// Average Controversy:** 1.916

---

seanderlust: this one took a while to grow on me - I think the reason being that I had overhyped it in my head. RENAISSANCE was one of my favorite albums of its year and Daddy Lessons was (hot take?) my favorite off Lemonade, so I was SAT for this. I think I was expecting more of the blues hall, barn-burning approach that she took on Daddy Lessons. Instead, she paid homage to a classic bygone era of country music that I respect, but admittedly don’t know too much about outside of like, Dolly and Hank Williams Jr. Still, over time, it grew on me and some of the little musical flourishes grew on me massively. I’m glad Bey put it out, I appreciate the statement it made, and I’m so glad she finally got her damn AOTY win (though it should have been for Lemonade. Or RENAISSANCE. Or s/t or 4 or….)

---

* \#1: YA YA | 9.105 | 1192.7
* \#2: BODYGUARD | 8.897 | 1165.5
* \#3: 16 CARRIAGES | 8.852 | 1159.6
* \#5: AMERIICAN REQUIEM | 8.503 | 1113.9
* \#6: II HANDS II HEAVEN | 8.450 | 1107.0
* \#8: TYRANT | 8.355 | 1094.5
* \#10: TEXAS HOLD 'EM | 8.225 | 1077.5
* \#11: II MOST WANTED | 8.150 | 1067.7
* \#13: RIIVERDANCE | 8.086 | 1059.3
* \#15: DAUGHTER | 7.887 | 1033.2
* \#18: SWEET HONEY BUCKIIN' | 7.687 | 1007.0
* \#21: AMEN | 7.542 | 988.0
* \#24: BLACKBIIRD | 7.398 | 969.2
* \#25: PROTECTOR | 7.347 | 962.5
* \#28: LEVII'S JEANS | 7.302 | 956.5
* \#30: ALLIIGATOR TEARS | 7.296 | 955.8
* \#41: SPAGHETTII | 7.003 | 917.4
* \#47: JUST FOR FUN | 6.775 | 887.5
* \#48: FLAMENCO | 6.735 | 882.3
* \#56: DESERT EAGLE | 6.526 | 854.9
* \#59: MY ROSE | 6.421 | 841.2
* \#67: JOLENE | 5.717 | 748.9
* \#70: OH LOUISIANA | 4.762 | 623.8

---

[All Scores](https://pastebin.com/hFdRVX9G)

---

**ahsweeknd** (10.043): this album came out after I had finished taking a “music history” course. Truly, I made so many connections when first listening and it felt like Beyoncé had efficiently reclaimed the genre. To this day, I stand by the fact that it’s her best album.

**Roxieloxie** (9.609): [I mean i guess its all right](https://www.reddit.com/r/popheads/comments/1ihqizz/rpopheads_aoty_2024_33_beyonc%C3%A9_cowboy_carter/_)

**wathombe** (9.565): I don’t think it’s any secret how much I loved this album last year. I didn’t really expect it, but it dropped at the end of March, and I really don’t think I listened to anything else for a month. I just put it on repeat and listened to it start to finish, over and over again. Add to that all the shit I was going through-Ms. wathombe had a double mastectomy in May (successful, thank god), and my mother’s health declined all year until she finally passed in August–and I think I will have a very emotional connection to Act II for a very, very long time.

**FitzMarble** (9.022): AOTY. Not even up for debate.",4.0
mz7zrx3,uiscebeathaoir,This really is one of those cases where when the winner's revealed you can't believe you ever seriously thought anything else was taking it,11.0
mz7zkjs,seanderlust,"# [#1: Beyonce - YA YA](https://imgur.com/a/5jPhDbp)

---

**Average:** 9.105 **// Total Points:** 1192.7 **// Controversy:** 1.774

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/a/Lhb3W2j) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/zqZcrJrN)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x11) blankspacejrr, cinnamonpretzel1989, Content\_, CrimsonROSET, doctypeppy, dream\_fighter2018, ImADudeDuh, krusso1105, MikeOcks, slimboyfriend, TakeOnMeByA-ha

(10 x65) 1998tweety, agreen3636, ahsweeknd, akane, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, Ambrosia42, apatel27, avg-vag, Awkward\_King, belaalbuquerque, bichonoturno, Brilliant-Primary500, buildingigloos, card114, CarlieScion, ChopperRCRG, ConnerY2323, DaHumanTorch, DangerousPresent96, darj, dreamingpastel, electricboogaloo41, EtenKillbeat, FitzMarble, Frajer, Friendly-Canary-3814, frogaranaman, goorry121, guts\_spilled, hikk, ignitethephoenix, IIIHenryIII, jaztinax, jirachi, jman457, joeeswift, kauai6, Last\_Slide, lexiaredery, MasterWizardRyan, mylps9, n00bi3pjs, Nerfeveryone, omgthenerve, pbk, RandomHypnotica, Restless\_Dill16, Roxieloxie, runaway3212, seanderlust, Serious-Lake-1478, SFbby, Soalai, ss2811, static\_int\_husp, Stryxen, team\_kockroach, thedirtiestdish, TiltControls, TragicKingdom1, Treecoh, uiscebeathaoir, Upset\_syrup\_371, wathombe, welcome2thejam

(9.9 x1) goro\_akechi\_apologist


**Lowest Scores:**

(1 x1) DevilsOfLoudun

(0 x1) impla77


---

**pbk** (10): yeah lol obviously this won even with it catching a 0 early on it stormed its way back to 1st and did not let go for a second. it’s easy to see why too, it’s such a fun and dynamic hit of a song and it is just extremely energizing and fun. great winner i’d say!

**seanderlust** (10): Ladies and gentlemen, theys and thems, your 2024 Ultimate winner! This was winning early on and outside of a brief period where it almost fell out of the top 5, it returned to the top position about halfway through the rate and pretty much stayed there. I’m really happy with this as the winner too - as an ode to the Chitlin Circuit some of the small touches are brilliant (the way it genuinely sounds like it’s being performed live, for example).

---

**blankspacejrr** (11): beyonce peaks as a balladeer on american requiem. beyonce peaks as the enterTAINer and true tina turner descendant on this song

**cinnamonpretzel1989** (11): it’s an 11 even if it cuts off weird outside the context of the album. I love this song

**Content\_** (11): this is the easiest 11 of the rate. I love this song

**CrimsonROSET** (11): you know how good a song has to be for me to stay up 3 extra hours the day before just to make sure I’m in the 11 list for it

**doctypeppy** (11): i think my soul lit up and exploded into some other form when i first heard this. And also it's crazy to see people theorizing that she is going to retire from touring soon when she has only just entered the phase of her life where she is writing songs specifically to be performed.

**dream\_fighter2018** (11): thank you Brian Wilson for composing Good Vibrations for Beyoncé to sample and interpolate

**ImADudeDuh** (11): i mean what else could it be?

**krusso1105** (11): I didn't predict surf rock Beyonce but if it sounds like this I'm glad it happened

**slimboyfriend** (11): oh she loves a mashup

**TakeOnMeByA-ha** (11): this song alone justifies the entire album and immediately became a top 5 beyonce song of all time upon first listen. i am an act 3 rock album truther but even if that does not come fruition i will always have this song to give me a glimmer of what could’ve been",8.0
mz7zk6x,agreen3636,It was always gonna be YA YA,7.0
mz7zdyk,Roxieloxie,YA YA YAYAYA YA YA YA YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYA,12.0
mz7zb6q,seanderlust,"
# [#2: Beyonce - BODYGUARD](https://imgur.com/a/migcKxe)

---

**Average:** 8.897 **// Total Points:** 1165.5 **// Controversy:** 1.395

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/XkKecBb) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/Q2xvRDW1)

**Highest scores:**

(11 x5) Ambrosia42, buildingigloos, Danielqbf, nonchalantthoughts, Treecoh

(10 x49) ahsweeknd, akane, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, ArcaneLabyrinth, Awkward\_King, belaalbuquerque, blankspacejrr, Brilliant-Primary500, ChopperRCRG, ChrisAqua, CrimsonROSET, DangerousPresent96, darj, Daydream1995Forever, Dilemmaofahedgehog, DirtyRat583, dream\_fighter2018, electricboogaloo41, FitzMarble, Frajer, frogaranaman, guts\_spilled, ignitethephoenix, IIIHenryIII, ImADudeDuh, jackisboredtoday, jasannn, jimmyrollinsdurag, jirachi, kauai6, Last\_Slide, Lipe18090, MasterWizardRyan, MikeOcks, modulum83, omgthenerve, pbk, Poydoo, RandomHypnotica, Restless\_Dill16, Roxieloxie, seanderlust, SFbby, SnoreLux1, sweetnsoursauce11, TiltControls, uiscebeathaoir, UltimateTaco, wathombe

(9.8 x1) innuendo\_overdose

(9.7 x1) goro\_akechi\_apologist

(9.5 x7) 1998tweety, FreeCuddlesAnyone, Friendly-Canary-3814, jaztinax, Nerfeveryone, SparkySam100, wasian-invasion


**Lowest Scores:**

(5 x3) itookyourmatches, slimboyfriend, Stryxen

(4 x1) pig-serpent


---

**pbk** (10): yeah this just works so well as a classic beyonce pop hit with some of that country twang sprinkled in for good measure it’s no wonder at all this is top 2. i don’t think this was ever really in contention to win and honestly i did not want it to but it’s definitely still an amazing song

**seanderlust** (10): This was my 11 runner up, and all respect to YA YA but god I wanted this one to win so bad. It was only out of the top 5 for a few ballots and flirted with a winning spot for a while, but ultimately lost out. It’s a great first alternate though - it has the makings of a love song but it has the effortless coolness of riding shotgun alongside your lover. I also love the guitars and piano - to quote our fifth place track - if this ain’t country, tell me what is.

---

**Ambrosia42** (11): I think I’ve played this the most out of anything in the rate! It’s just written so well, the production is fabulous, the vocals are immaculate, and it’s so catchy and lovely

**buildingigloos** (11): It reminds me of 70s easy listening but it's so good I don't know what it is, I think it's the guitar and bass and the harmonies. It's up there with my favorites from her entire discography

**nonchalantthoughts** (11): This is tugging at my adult contemporary heart",2.0
mz7zal8,seanderlust,"help, i took too long making that comment.

well, Beyonce vs. Beyonce. She's fighting herself.

What are the people that are supposed to protect her supposed to do?",4.0
mz7y3jd,seanderlust,"## ARIANA GRANDE - YES, AND

wins the Whack Her Again Award For Songs That Deserved Worse with 16 votes. Second place. JOLENE came in second with 12 votes. Third place was a tie with 11 votes between LEVII'S JEANS and So High School.

Speaking of which...",7.0
mz7xqa6,seanderlust,"Okay, before we reveal top 2, time to reveal your Songeniality, Rate Villain, and the esteemed winner of the Whack Her Again Song That Went Out Day One Or Day Two But It Sucks So It Deserved Worse.

Award.

# Ladies and gentlemen, theys and thems..............",5.0
mz7xfoi,cloudbustingmp3,oh she’s winning with an album cut a second album in a row… nothing but respect for MY president,8.0
mz7xcye,uiscebeathaoir,YA YA take my energy,5.0
mz7wshu,seanderlust,"# [#3: Beyonce - 16 CARRIAGES](https://imgur.com/a/FNWOJrc)

---

**Average:** 8.852 **// Total Points:** 1159.6 **// Controversy:** 1.305

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/3DqWsmX) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/SURSaeRh)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x1) Nerfeveryone

(10 x53) 1998tweety, agreen3636, ahsweeknd, akane, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, Alumineous, Ambrosia42, apatel27, asadprofessorplum, avg-vag, belaalbuquerque, Brilliant-Primary500, buildingigloos, card114, CarlieScion, ChopperRCRG, ChrisAqua, ConnerY2323, Content\_, CrimsonROSET, DangerousPresent96, darj, doctypeppy, dream\_fighter2018, dreamingpastel, FitzMarble, Friendly-Canary-3814, frogaranaman, giraffiecathie, goorry121, guts\_spilled, ignitethephoenix, ImADudeDuh, jackisboredtoday, jaztinax, jirachi, joeeswift, kauai6, lexiaredery, Lipe18090, MasterWizardRyan, mylps9, n00bi3pjs, nt96, pbk, RandomHypnotica, Roxieloxie, runaway3212, static\_int\_husp, team\_kockroach, thedirtiestdish, TiltControls, UltimateTaco

(9.8 x2) goro\_akechi\_apologist, SparkySam100

(9.5 x6) bran, nonchalantthoughts, oh\_crow, omgthenerve, Upset\_syrup\_371, wathombe


**Lowest Scores:**

(6.9 x1) ambitiousbulbasaur

(6.3 x1) blueberries929

(6 x4) Dilemmaofahedgehog, itookyourmatches, SFbby, SnoreLux1

(5 x3) AlternativelyListed, hikk, IIIHenryIII


---

**pbk** (10): fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck i wanted this to sneak a win so bad. it was looking like it’d be possible for a moment but then the top 2 started to pull away and i knew it was over. i was really hoping we’d get a gaggy win off of how uncontroversially good this song is but it was not meant to be

**seanderlust** (9): I’ll admit, I slept on this a bit when it came out! I was much more interested in dusting off my (imaginary) boots and hitting a line dance. That said, it is very gorgeous and is a definitely great pick for the bronze medal.

---

**Nerfeveryone** (11): One of the very few songs that has ever made me cry. Incredible storytelling that weaves myth with real experience, and some incredible musical choices. That chorus where all the instruments come surging in still gives me chills.

**1998tweety** (10): i cant listen to this song without seeing that video of someone death dropping continuously in the chorus

**agreen3636** (10): I had this as my 11 for so long but then last second had to go with II hands but i love this song so much. It’s so good. It’s everything. It’s one of the best she’s ever written. Perfection. “The Legacy if it’s the last thing I do you’ll remember me we’ve got something to prove” YES MA’AM!!

**ahsweeknd** (10): it’s a lot of carriages if you think about it

**Ambrosia42** (10): the gorgeous

**apatel27** (10): Bey at her best

**asadprofessorplum** (10): I love when a piece of culture drops during the Super Bowl and even more when it’s GOOD (this is The Cloverfield Paradox shade)

**Brilliant-Primary500** (10): Easily the third best song in this album, I like the inspirational lyrics A LOT

**buildingigloos** (10): When this dropped with Texas Hold Em I was amazed. I see why she didn't make it the lead, but it's the vastly superior song

**ConnerY2323** (10): such a weird one to release before the album because this blossomed for me in context

**CrimsonROSET** (10): that one tweet

**darj** (10): CINEMA

**doctypeppy** (10): The comment i wrote before going to the concert- ""Writing this before she inevitably mixes this with break my soul or something else stupid on the tour""

**dreamingpastel** (10): I feel like my love for this song has only grown since I first listened to it. It has such good build-up to a very grandiose climax.

**FitzMarble** (10): SIXTEEN CARRIAGES! DRIVING AWAY! WHILE I WATCH THEM RIDE WITH MY FEARS AWAY!

**frogaranaman** (10): do I need to watch the first 15 Carriages to understand the 16th

**ignitethephoenix** (10): I was a Texas hold em girlie when both song dropped at first, however I think this aged better and it’s one of her most gorgeous songs.

**MasterWizardRyan** (10): that gif elevated this song tbh

**n00bi3pjs** (10): The instrumental, the melodies, the lyrics are beautiful

**nt96** (10): this should've gotten all the attention Texas Hold 'Em took away",2.0
mz7wpry,letsallpoo,Here’s how imperfect for you can still win:,4.0
mz7wf3p,seanderlust,well boy howdy i wonder who's winning,2.0
mz7vqx6,seanderlust,"
# eternal sunshine

---

**Overall Average**: 7.505 **// Average Controversy:** 1.954

---

seanderlust: this was my favorite of the three albums. I need more straight up-and-down dance music from Ariana.

---

* \#4: we can't be friends (wait for your love) | 8.663 | 1134.9
* \#9: bye | 8.302 | 1087.5
* \#12: supernatural | 8.140 | 1066.3
* \#14: twilight zone | 8.060 | 1055.8
* \#16: the boy is mine | 7.870 | 1031.0
* \#19: eternal sunshine | 7.622 | 998.5
* \#20: warm | 7.603 | 996.0
* \#22: intro (end of the world) | 7.464 | 977.8
* \#29: yes, and? | 7.301 | 956.4
* \#31: don't wanna break up again | 7.265 | 951.7
* \#32: imperfect for you | 7.242 | 948.7
* \#34: true story | 7.182 | 940.8
* \#35: past life | 7.181 | 940.7
* \#38: dandelion | 7.085 | 928.1
* \#40: Hampstead | 7.027 | 920.5
* \#44: i wish i hated you | 6.795 | 890.1
* \#46: ordinary things (feat. Nonna) | 6.787 | 889.1

---

[All User Scores](https://pastebin.com/Xzxv9x80)

---

**ahsweeknd** (9.706): Her best album to date.

**sweetnsoursauce11** (9.471): 9.47 yeah i knew i'd have one of the highest average scores for this album but it's legitimately one of my all-time favourites so idcccccc. i can't believe i was doubting ariana before it was released bc it's still heavy in rotation for me and the deluxe just reinvigorated my love for it.

**MasterWizardRyan** (9.441): one of my favorite projects of last year. she did the damn thing.

**kauai6** (9.412): we all remember where we were when YES, AND dropped

**jaztinax** (9.112): my personal AOTY. i had this on repeat ALLL year and we’re halfway through 2025 and i still haven’t grown tired of it. not giving every song a 10 was hard tbh because if i were to rank this just as an album without considering each track, it easily would be a 10/10. i love the bonus tracks as well, but honestly think the album is fine without too.

**wathombe** (8.941): This was just a very relaxing and enjoyable early-year album for me. The kind of thing I would put on for pleasant vibes before COWBOY CARTER dropped. Quite a few standout tracks, and no egregious skips.

**nooodisaster** (8.735): I was going to tank every Taylor/Bey song if the deluxe Bright Days songs weren't included so ty for including them! This was my 2024 AOTY and it's even better as a deluxe. Ariana they can never make me hate you.

**Alumineous** (8.706): I’ve been on a Positions kick recently, and it’s kinda dimmed this album a bit for me. There’s a bit of a venomous energy from her here, due to the vitriol by the public versus the more playful energy in Positions. And I do have to say it, it’s really short. Being released so early in the year, it was eclipsed by the other releases in the year. But I do love how this album was more of a ""here you go"" kinda thing, like she just had things to say, she's in happy relationship, and let's give the fans what they want.

**FitzMarble** (8.500): I’ve really enjoyed listening to this album on train rides - it matches that vibe really well, and I think this is a very good (though perhaps not quite truly great) body of work with a very nice sound.",2.0
mz7v3s7,Roxieloxie,holy fucking shit,9.0
mz7uxmp,seanderlust,"# [#4: Ariana Grande - we can't be friends (wait for your love)](https://imgur.com/a/GiG5gpA)

---

**Average:** 8.663 **// Total Points:** 1134.9 **// Controversy:** 2.145

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/k8j0Upu) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/VChwp6kD)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x15) DangerousPresent96, dreamingpastel, Fair-Profile-8367, Frajer, FreeCuddlesAnyone, ignitethephoenix, impla77, jirachi, MasterWizardRyan, runaway3212, seanderlust, static\_int\_husp, sweetnsoursauce11, TiltControls, welcome2thejam

(10 x53) agreen3636, ahsweeknd, akane, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, Alumineous, apatel27, asadprofessorplum, avg-vag, bigbigbee, blankspacejrr, BleepBloopMusicFan, bran, Brilliant-Primary500, ChopperRCRG, ChrisAqua, ConnerY2323, Content\_, CrimsonROSET, Daydream1995Forever, Dilemmaofahedgehog, DirtyRat583, dream\_fighter2018, FitzMarble, Friendly-Canary-3814, frogaranaman, goro\_akechi\_apologist, guts\_spilled, hikk, IIIHenryIII, ImADudeDuh, jaztinax, jman457, joeeswift, kauai6, MikeOcks, mylps9, n00bi3pjs, nooodisaster, omgthenerve, pheromenos, poppinmmolly, PSSST12, RandomHypnotica, Restless\_Dill16, Serious-Lake-1478, SFbby, SparkySam100, stealthamo, team\_kockroach, Turpamutteri, UltimateTaco, wasian-invasion, wathombe

(9.9 x1) ArcaneLabyrinth

(9.8 x1) jackisboredtoday

(9.5 x2) belaalbuquerque, Poydoo


**Lowest Scores:**

(2 x2) bichonoturno, pig-serpent

(1 x1) modulum83


---

**seanderlust** (11): oh WCBF my beloved. As sickening (in the gay way) as an all-Beyonce top three is, I was secretly pulling for this one to pull out a win. Alas, instead it had to crawl its way back up from an early day 3 cut to come out in a very respectable fourth. So let me explain why I love this one so much. I love the double meaning of a breakup and her relationship with the media/her fanbase. I love the production - yes it’s a Robyn vamp but Body Talk has got to be in my top 20 albums of all time so I really don’t mind it. The pulsating synths give me life. The bridge is a full ascension into heaven. Also, I’m gonna keep this high-level because this is not my therapist’s office but to make a long story short, I went through a break-up midway through last year that *hit*. A few days after, I was feeling low and I was trying to figure out if me and the ex could still be friends. I felt like he could have been my best friend if we didn’t date, and I was missing just talking to him and joking, I was grieving the loss of future little adventures…I was going through it. Anyways, I watched the mv of this that day and I just started BAWLING. After that, got fully obsessed with this song. I’m doing a lot better emotionally now (and fwiw we actually did end up making peace and being pretty good friends) but this song still hits me in the feelings in a nostalgic sense. Also, sorry - it’s a banger. Oh well. Congrats on the podium sweep, Cowboy Carter.

**pbk** (4): we can’t win rates (wait for all stars). honestly i think the biggest gag of the rate is that there was basically no point where this song was in contention to win. with the most 11s in the rate by a LOT people seemed to think this was a shoo-in to win but i don’t think it even reached the top 2 ever? maybe the rank graphs will prove me wrong but honestly to me it was always clear this song was not going to win against 3 powerhouse beyonce songs.

---

**dreamingpastel** (11): I listened to this so much when the album dropped. I must've spent an entire week with this on loop. It's just a perfect song from beginning to end.

**Frajer** (11): my truth sit in silence like lasagna

**FreeCuddlesAnyone** (11): sorry the way to my heart is mentioning my favorite movie ever…

**ignitethephoenix** (11): one of her best songs, more people need to call out their parasocial people  even if they may be right about things

**impla77** (11): ok this is a bop tho

**runaway3212** (11): Okayyy the ender among enders

**sweetnsoursauce11** (11): she was coming off her worst scandal, yes and? was underperforming and she had one chance to prove everyone wrong. fortunately this song is ONE OF THE BEST OF 2024!!! we love when an amazing song is successful.

**TiltControls** (11): I've heard it called a knock-off Dancing on my Own which is fine by me as anything as good as a sliver of that song is still a 10/10

**welcome2thejam** (11): Spongebob did this to you?",3.0
mz7uk3q,uiscebeathaoir,AMERIICAN REQUIEM so robbed wow,6.0
mz7uc1x,seanderlust,"by the way, fun fact - did you all know Ariana was cast in Victorious when she was only 16? Crazy, right?",6.0
mz7u2ml,Roxieloxie,American requiem is one of the most life changing songs i've ever heard in my life,11.0
mz7tuwc,seanderlust,"# [#5: Beyonce - AMERIICAN REQUIEM](https://imgur.com/a/gqGgLLY)

---

**Average:** 8.503 **// Total Points:** 1113.9 **// Controversy:** 1.830

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/c0p1U9P) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/P431MAiN)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x8) ahsweeknd, ambitiousbulbasaur, asadprofessorplum, avg-vag, ConnerY2323, DevilsOfLoudun, jman457, Roxieloxie

(10 x34) 1998tweety, Agreeable\_Pianist644, akane, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, Awkward\_King, belaalbuquerque, bichonoturno, blankspacejrr, Brilliant-Primary500, ChopperRCRG, cinnamonpretzel1989, CrimsonROSET, doctypeppy, electricboogaloo41, EtenKillbeat, FitzMarble, Friendly-Canary-3814, goorry121, innuendo\_overdose, MasterWizardRyan, MikeOcks, mylps9, Nerfeveryone, nooodisaster, nt96, omgthenerve, Restless\_Dill16, runaway3212, ss2811, TiltControls, Treecoh, uiscebeathaoir, UltimateTaco, wathombe

(9.6 x1) Ambrosia42

(9.5 x2) jaztinax, team\_kockroach

(9.4 x1) emayzee

(9.2 x1) DirtyRat583


**Lowest Scores:**

(3 x1) itookyourmatches

(2 x2) pig-serpent, RandomHypnotica

(0 x1) jirachi


---

**seanderlust** (9): this as an opener is the perfect pick because it really does feel like an opening number from a wildly successful Broadway musical. It’s also amazing to just sit and listen to the instrumentation - there’s so much going on, especially as the pace picks up. While I’m a little surprised this made it as far as it did, it is a welcome presence in the top 5.

**pbk** (6.5): this is pretty and cinematic and nice but top 5 is crazy. as a song to listen to outside of the album i just find this pretty dull even if i think it works in context

---

**ahsweeknd** (11): AMEN mentioned omg

**ambitiousbulbasaur** (11): Okay. Okay. Whew. How to even talk about this one. What a gorgeous, GORGEOUS song, and a brilliant opener for this mammoth album. It sets the scene perfectly, alluding lyrically to all the adventures to come; it's specific enough to be talking about Bey's unique journey, yet also feel powerful enough to trascend that and feel like a shared American journey. The harmonies are outstanding and so mesmerizing. The production is just... UGH!!! And the fact that this then comes back around with AMEN at the end... whew it's just SO. GOOD. The easiest 11 to give in the world. AMER11CAN TRUTHERS WAVE YOUR FLAGS BABES!!!

**asadprofessorplum** (11): So there’s this magnum opus… the outro to this song is heavenly and the best piece of music she’s ever made.

**avg-vag** (11): HIGH ART, send it to space!

**ConnerY2323** (11): the arrangement… the movements… oh beythoven

**DevilsOfLoudun** (11): THEY USED TO SAY I SPOKE TOO COUNTRY AND THE REJECTION CAME SAID I WASN’T COUNTRY ENOUGH, SAID I WOULD’T SADDLE UP, BUT. What a song omg. The flashbacks to her 2016 CMA performance are perfectly done and are so badass. The way she’s simultaneously laughing at them for fearing her presence and asking them to stand with her to build a better future. HER MIND.

**jman457** (11): easily one of Beyonce’s best songs, and for sure her best openers

**Roxieloxie** (11): I truly think this song is the thesis statement of the album, like if you had to boil the album down to only exist in its essentials, it would be be the message of this song. I dont know how to describe the feeling that takes over me when i hear it other than overwhelming. Its not a bad/good overwhelming, it just is. Theres something very ancestral and central to this song, its a reflection, its a cry for help, its a rallying war call across the diaspora. Its put together in such a hypnotic way thats gotten me to listen to this album in full many more times than i probably would've intended to. Theres an entire visual sequence in my head each time i hear it and I'm almost brought to tears. Theres really just nothing like it, I dont know what else to tell you",4.0
mz7tpr4,cinnamonpretzel1989,now how the hell did 16 Carriages beat Ameriican Requiem?,3.0
mz7td1t,seanderlust,"who was that artist that said ""i hate america"" again?",4.0
mz7spaq,seanderlust,"LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, THEYS AND THEMS, YOUR TOP 5:

1. Beyonce - AMERIICAN REQUIEM
2. Beyonce - 16 CARRIAGES
3. Beyonce - BODYGUARD
4. Beyonce - YA YA
5. Not Beyonce - we can't be friends (wait for your love)

[For real, last call for songeniality.](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1frrkOoTzAH9dVDGDfYxw5CBUWPle-Un_I1bjjBQLXIA/edit#responses) You've got like two minutes to submit before we close it :sob:",10.0
mz7rypq,seanderlust,"# [#6: Beyonce - II HANDS II HEAVEN](https://imgur.com/a/AcR0wwH)

---

**Average:** 8.450 **// Total Points:** 1107.0 **// Controversy:** 1.946

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/CLRxDX5) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/xEAXLvyc)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x9) agreen3636, FitzMarble, Friendly-Canary-3814, giraffiecathie, goro\_akechi\_apologist, Restless\_Dill16, team\_kockroach, UltimateTaco, wasian-invasion

(10 x46) ahsweeknd, akane, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, apatel27, ArcaneLabyrinth, asadprofessorplum, avg-vag, bichonoturno, blankspacejrr, BleepBloopMusicFan, bran, Brilliant-Primary500, Content\_, DaHumanTorch, Danielqbf, darj, DirtyRat583, doctypeppy, dreamingpastel, electricboogaloo41, EtenKillbeat, ignitethephoenix, IIIHenryIII, iM\_a\_cAt\_i\_sAy\_meOW, jackisboredtoday, jirachi, kauai6, MikeOcks, modulum83, n00bi3pjs, Nagisoid, nooodisaster, nt96, oh\_crow, pig-serpent, PSSST12, RandomHypnotica, Roxieloxie, runaway3212, Serious-Lake-1478, ss2811, Stryxen, sweetnsoursauce11, thedirtiestdish, TiltControls, wathombe

(9.8 x1) Ambrosia42

(9.5 x1) jasannn

(9.2 x1) ConnerY2323

(9 x12) 1998tweety, ChrisAqua, DangerousPresent96, DevilsOfLoudun, goorry121, guts\_spilled, joeeswift, krusso1105, Last\_Slide, MasterWizardRyan, TakeOnMeByA-ha, welcome2thejam


**Lowest Scores:**

(1 x1) uiscebeathaoir


---

**seanderlust** (8): you know what, i underscored this. I’m writing this comment two days before day one of the reveal so i can’t change it now, but god everything really works so well. It’s downtempo which is maybe why i overlooked it, but the seamless transition from RIIVERDANCE?? The genuine love she’s expressing in the lyrics??? The vocal HARMONIES?!?! Good lord. Oh well. Not to spoil anything, but there’s no score I could have given that would have prevented it from going out in number 6.

**pbk** (6.5): i have tried so hard to see what others see in this song but it just does nothing for me. it’s fine! it just isn’t 6th-best-song-in-the-rate-and-beating-all-of-ttpd great to me!

---

**agreen3636** (11): yes this is it. this song fucking ascends me to the heavens. Like I'm basically floating listening to this. Goddamn.

**FitzMarble** (11): Swirl. What a glorious track.

**goro\_akechi\_apologist** (11): This song honestly feels like a revelation, a moment of clarity where everything makes sense and all your fears just vanish. It makes all the twists and turns and ups and downs on this crazy long album feel incredibly worth it just to get to this moment. It feels like the absolute climax of the entire album, and leaves you with a sense of triumph and victory that hangs over and compliments the remaining songs. In a discography full of numerous highlights, this song stands out as one of Beyonce’s most laudable achievements.

**Restless\_Dill16** (11): I was instantly enchanted the first time I heard this song. Something about that chorus is so magical, so vivid.

**team\_kockroach** (11): It’s funny, because 16 Carriages was my favorite COWBOY CARTER song on first listen. This one isn’t as silly and fun as Ya Ya, and its lyrics aren’t as bold and declarative as American Requiem or Daughter, but the replay value on this song is incredible. I’m just so amazed by how warm this feels.

**UltimateTaco** (11): this being the best song of all time I know that’s right

**wasian-invasion** (11): this song transports me to another dimension where almost 6 minutes disappear before you realize it",2.0
mz7ribi,seanderlust,"look, i gotta speak my truth. i'm still mad about II most wanted going out. if you don't like miley, i'm sorry but i am unable to be buddies with you. i'll wait until you adore her.",5.0
mz7rgk4,uiscebeathaoir,They way I boosted a lot of my Ari scores cause I didn't want me tanking her to look like sabotage and 29(!) people gave TTPD a lower average than I gave eternal sunshine...,4.0
mz7qs4v,seanderlust,"# THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT - THE ANTHOLOGY

---

**Overall Average**: 6.582 **// Average Controversy:** 2.357

---

seanderlust: A/U: on April 19, 2024, taylor puts out THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT - THE SEANTHOLOGY. The track list is as follows: 1) Fortnight (feat. Post Malone), 2) So Long, London, 3) How Did It End?, 4) Florida!!! (feat. Florence and the Machine), 5) Guilty as Sin?, 6) So High School, 7) But Daddy, I Love Him, 8) The Prophecy, 9) I Can Do It With A Broken Heart, 10) Clara Bow. Bonus track, The Manuscript. She writes 31 songs in total, but scraps most of them and gives a couple of the cut tracks to indie bands (Robin goes to The National, The Black Dog goes to hmm…The Last Dinner Party maybe for a weirdo theatrical spin?, etc) for some sweet, sweet indie cred. It's pitched as a story of getting out of a relationship, going through a depression, taking a fun girls trip with Florence Welch (relatable), having a rebound with a deeply toxic but smoking hot man, and diving into work to move forward in life. The run time is 44 minutes. It's loved by fans and non-swifties alike, and gets massive critical acclaim along with Pitchfork’s BNM. Beyonce still wins AOTY at the grammies, but this goes down as a beloved album in taylor's discography. Also since this is my a/u, Kamala is president and she turns into the socialist demon that the Newsmax crowd was terrified she secretly was, and Elon, Trump and RFK are all dead from brain worms. That doesn't really have anything to do with the album, but while I'm retconning history...

---

* \#7: Guilty as Sin? | 8.433 | 1104.7
* \#17: The Black Dog | 7.779 | 1019.0
* \#23: I Can Do It With a Broken Heart | 7.417 | 971.6
* \#26: The Prophecy | 7.334 | 960.8
* \#27: So High School | 7.308 | 957.3
* \#33: But Daddy I Love Him | 7.208 | 944.3
* \#36: Fortnight (feat. Post Malone) | 7.131 | 934.2
* \#37: So Long, London | 7.094 | 929.3
* \#39: The Bolter | 7.039 | 922.1
* \#42: loml | 6.963 | 912.1
* \#43: Clara Bow | 6.864 | 899.2
* \#45: Florida!!! (feat. Florence + The Machine) | 6.792 | 889.8
* \#49: Down Bad | 6.732 | 881.9
* \#50: I Look in People's Windows | 6.726 | 881.1
* \#51: Fresh Out The Slammer | 6.720 | 880.3
* \#52: Chloe or Sam or Sophia or Marcus | 6.712 | 879.3
* \#53: The Albatross | 6.621 | 867.4
* \#54: imgonnagetyouback | 6.597 | 864.2
* \#55: The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived | 6.556 | 858.8
* \#57: My Boy Only Breaks His Favorite Toys | 6.476 | 848.4
* \#58: How Did It End? | 6.469 | 847.4
* \#60: Peter | 6.330 | 829.2
* \#61: The Manuscript | 6.278 | 822.4
* \#62: I Hate It Here | 6.221 | 814.9
* \#63: The Tortured Poets Department | 6.202 | 812.5
* \#64: Who's Afraid of Little Old Me? | 5.843 | 765.4
* \#65: The Alchemy | 5.788 | 758.2
* \#66: Cassandra | 5.731 | 750.8
* \#68: I Can Fix Him (No Really I Can) | 5.319 | 696.8
* \#69: Robin | 5.268 | 690.1
* \#71: thanK you aIMee | 4.105 | 537.7

---

[All Scores](https://pastebin.com/pPwxu7jm)

---

**Stryxen** (9.677): hated this on leak night. is now my 8th most streamed album of all time. What I love most about TTPD is how each song takes a pretty clever metaphor, and finds every single conceivable nook and cranny to explore, it adds to the concept of discrete chapters in “the anthology” of the department, like each track is a case file, no song here leaves me wanting more but there's always something new to uncover on repeat listens.

**IIIHenryIII** (9.435): someone needs to reintroduce Taylor to drums

**Nagisoid** (9.194): ikr I gave it a full listen for the first time recently and was shocked by how interesting &amp; experimental it is.

**FitzMarble** (9.129): I will forever defend this album until the day when everyone realizes that it actually is worth looking at from a fair perspective (even if they never personally come around to its many positives. I think this a super interesting and really good album, one that is perfect for what it is: a cathartic and messy expression of a tumultuous time/relationships, more broadly even then just Matty/Joe/Travis. At the same time, it also has some of the tightest and most expressive writing of her career - I love all the Swift-words here that you can tell she really wanted to use in a song, but it’s impressive how well she writes - even if sometimes it’s not sophisticated, but instead intentionally a bit corny and awkward (again - that’s the point of the album!!). Endlessly relatable, and the production actually has a lot of hidden detail that makes it re-listenable despite sometimes being overly samey, especially on a surface level.",3.0
mz7qn3h,RandomHypnotica,oh godlor... you did so well sweetie,5.0
mz7qfel,blueberries929,Long live 🥲,9.0
mz7qdpc,seanderlust,"# [#7: Taylor Swift - Guilty as Sin?](https://imgur.com/a/O6L8KnT)

---

**Average:** 8.433 **// Total Points:** 1104.7 **// Controversy:** 1.885

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/a/ref0vGL) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/vYmrSLkg)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x9) 1998tweety, Brilliant-Primary500, IIIHenryIII, jasannn, Last\_Slide, PSSST12, ricki, SFbby, Stryxen

(10 x41) Agreeable\_Pianist644, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, AlternativelyListed, Alumineous, ArcaneLabyrinth, belaalbuquerque, bigbigbee, BleepBloopMusicFan, blueberries929, card114, CarlieScion, ChrisAqua, Content\_, darj, FitzMarble, FreeCuddlesAnyone, goorry121, goro\_akechi\_apologist, guts\_spilled, hikk, ignitethephoenix, jirachi, joeeswift, krusso1105, medusaOP500, modulum83, mylps9, Nagisoid, nooodisaster, pbk, pheromenos, poppinmmolly, RandomHypnotica, Restless\_Dill16, runaway3212, SnoreLux1, SparkySam100, sweetnsoursauce11, the tortured flava department, Turpamutteri, welcome2thejam

(9.9 x1) slimboyfriend

(9.7 x1) caaathyx

(9.5 x2) omgthenerve, Sallynoraa

(9.3 x1) Soalai

(9 x17) agreen3636, Ambrosia42, avg-vag, bran, buildingigloos, CrimsonROSET, Danielqbf, DevilsOfLoudun, EtenKillbeat, Frajer, giraffiecathie, iM\_a\_cAt\_i\_sAy\_meOW, kauai6, MikeOcks, TiltControls, Verboten\_Prince, wasian-invasion


**Lowest Scores:**

(4 x2) TakeOnMeByA-ha, Treecoh

(3 x2) apatel27, Roxieloxie


---

**pbk** (10): the singular ballot where this was winning healed me… this was clinging to the top 5 for a while but unfortunately some last second pro-beyonce/anti-taylor/both ballots knocked it off its pedestal. honestly i think this is the best song left in the rate at this point but i CERTAINLY think it’s better than a few of the cuts above it. sure, winning may have been pushing it but this easily deserved top 5 in a universe where we rated music and not the artists making it

**seanderlust** (8): One of the things that’s really interesting about the Taylor fanbase as someone who wouldn’t say he’s a full Swiftie but does like an awful lot of her songs to be SwiftlyNeutral is the songs that the fanbase is drawn to that I’m not. Don’t get me wrong - the hook is nice and it’s overall a pretty good song, but I remember when this had a lot of fans during the PH 100 of 2024, I was like [“...her?](https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fmedia.tenor.com%2FajuaRoG2aQ0AAAAC%2Fher-arrested.gif&amp;f=1&amp;nofb=1&amp;ipt=4bbc1d83cfdd84ba724e874284ef19d600f30a6a9fc6961a893898e348be09fb) Oh well, overall kind of a bop so I’m not mad at it. With this, we say goodbye to Taylor in 7th place, which given how she started today is perfectly respectable.

---

**1998tweety** (11): I gotta hand it to the Gaylors, they kinda ate with this one. Like I'm sorry, you can't listen to this song and not see the gay allusions. ""I choose you and me...religiously"" I fear I will be playing that at my wedding.

**Brilliant-Primary500** (11): easily the best song from this song, I'm still appalled that out of the songs she could pick as a single, she never promoted this one even though it has the potential to be a cornerstone in her discography. Out of all the ""sexual"" songs she ever did, this is easily the best one she ever written by a long shot. I feel like in a decade, this probably the only song in the standard edition that the general public will even has an ounce of awareness to play and I'm so fucking disappointed that she never made something as good as this in the first half ever again.

**IIIHenryIII** (11): THE masturbation anthem

**PSSST12** (11): This is is her best horny song EVER I fear. Classic status in my household. However, if this was a country song, this could've been my number 1 Tay song.

**ricki** (11): i can only assume that the only thing that feels more shameful than being a gay catholic teen is being a popstar trying to date matty healy

**Stryxen** (11): the hedge maze she falls back into is her BUSH…………..Grammys just aren’t enough nobel prize for you taylord!",4.0
mz7pzog,seanderlust,"well. i know we love tanking artists, but we have to say goodbye to an artist now.",6.0
mz7pwy6,DilemmaOfAHedgehog,God i love the strings on that song,3.0
mz7pd8b,Roxieloxie,NOOOOOOOOOOOOO,5.0
mz7p1uo,seanderlust,"
# [#8: Beyonce - TYRANT](https://imgur.com/a/gr3JGH3)

---

**Average:** 8.355 **// Total Points:** 1094.5 **// Controversy:** 1.817

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/a/Ccb3m9u) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/YeCAcvLx)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x5) akane, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, DirtyRat583, jackisboredtoday, pig-serpent

(10 x35) 1998tweety, ahsweeknd, Alumineous, Ambrosia42, apatel27, ArcaneLabyrinth, blankspacejrr, BleepBloopMusicFan, bran, buildingigloos, ChopperRCRG, ConnerY2323, Content\_, CrimsonROSET, DaHumanTorch, DevilsOfLoudun, electricboogaloo41, FitzMarble, ignitethephoenix, IIIHenryIII, jirachi, kauai6, MasterWizardRyan, MikeOcks, nonchalantthoughts, oh\_crow, pbk, Restless\_Dill16, Roxieloxie, Serious-Lake-1478, ss2811, Stryxen, sweetnsoursauce11, wasian-invasion, wathombe

(9.7 x1) UltimateTaco

(9.5 x5) avg-vag, goorry121, goro\_akechi\_apologist, ImADudeDuh, Nerfeveryone

(9.2 x1) EtenKillbeat

(9 x21) belaalbuquerque, ChrisAqua, cinnamonpretzel1989, DangerousPresent96, Danielqbf, Dilemmaofahedgehog, doctypeppy, Friendly-Canary-3814, giraffiecathie, guts\_spilled, jasannn, krusso1105, Lipe18090, mustwinfullgaming, nooodisaster, nt96, omgthenerve, PSSST12, runaway3212, SFbby, thedirtiestdish


**Lowest Scores:**

(2 x1) itookyourmatches

(0 x1) ricki


---

**pbk** (10): something something political joke. this song rules

**seanderlust** (7): ah yes, of course. What would this country album be without having involvement from Dolly Parton and (checks notes) the guy who produced Cry Baby by Megan Thee Stallion.

---

**akane** (11): YAAAAAAAAASSSSSSS the way my soul left my body when I heard this live I was ready to ascend

**DirtyRat583** (11): this is just straight up not country but (on the album) its song 25 and also its great so its allowed

**jackisboredtoday** (11): the bounce in my ass and excitement in my voice whenever I hear that D.A. Got That Dope tag drop

**pig-serpent** (11): Oh.. that's why everyone here is obsessed with Beyonce.  I love how this song is about both sex and love and how they're connected, it's really sweet.  This is a masterpiece huh.

**1998tweety** (10): this song deserved to blow up

**ahsweeknd** (10): this is horny AND sad

**Alumineous** (10): This might have struck a chord with me because it sounds like a really good R&amp;B song.

**Ambrosia42** (10): the sinfully sexy

**apatel27** (10): These strings tho

**blankspacejrr** (10): banger of a banger

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (10): Dolly Parton getting a feature credit for a one sentence introduction kinda sends me. But also she ate that one sentence why lie.

**buildingigloos** (10): Its so addictive, giddy up giddy up. It's like SPAGHETTIIs daughter

**ConnerY2323** (10): definitely the funniest thing on dolly parton’s spotify popular list

**CrimsonROSET** (10): Lindsay Sterling get UPPPPP

**DaHumanTorch** (10): take me back to the first time i heard that beat drop

**DevilsOfLoudun** (10): The biggest banger on the album. Some would even say the only banger on the album.

**FitzMarble** (10): frankly the AOTY was deserved from the last seven tracks on this album alone! The beat switch on here (sheer gaggery omg), the way it all flows, the vocalsssss omg!! No one is doing it like her!!!!

**IIIHenryIII** (10): this slaps so hard

**MasterWizardRyan** (10): i am ajayll dancing in her seat to this

**oh\_crow** (10): that bridge is insane she was insane for that. just love the blend of country, pop and hiphop on this

**Roxieloxie** (10): the way I start ascending into the heavens when I hear the washboard acrylics come in, like genuinely if the intro was separated i would 11 that and then the song actually starts and its the greatest song of all time

**Stryxen** (10): WHERE DID THIS BITCH GET A FIDDLE?

**sweetnsoursauce11** (10): she really saved all the best songs for this last run huh. tell me this isn't about lesbians using a strap on

**wasian-invasion** (10): the natural evolution of the girlboss: the girltyrant / pusstator

**wathombe** (10): After the transcendence of II HANDS II HEAVEN, TYRANT is a slow-burning fuse.

**UltimateTaco** (9.7): D.A. Got That Dope is wild

**goro\_akechi\_apologist** (9.5): After the euphoria of the previous track this one kinda falters in comparison, but it still has the feeling of an unbreakable victory parade and I really love that.

**Nerfeveryone** (9.5): Another insane song that shouldn't work but by Beyonce's sheer star power it absolutely does work. The intro is fantastic and then it HARD pivots into a horny ass song that is also fantastic.",3.0
mz7oo12,seanderlust,"God, 6/8 of the remaining songs are Bey. 1 Ari, 1 Taylor.",5.0
mz7olmg,agreen3636,I'm getting kinda worried all the Swifties stacked their 11 and it's gonna win. A sip of water in a desert of boring doesn't mean it's all that y'all,-2.0
mz7o7vn,DilemmaOfAHedgehog,I'm so curious in what order the last ari or taylor song will drop,2.0
mz7nfn2,seanderlust,"# [#9: Ariana Grande - bye](https://imgur.com/a/fwd6OIt)

---

**Average:** 8.302 **// Total Points:** 1087.5 **// Controversy:** 1.629

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/a/xJm4IBo) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/YHAp1yHR)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x3) bran, lexiaredery, Verboten\_Prince

(10 x27) 1998tweety, ahsweeknd, apatel27, ArcaneLabyrinth, BleepBloopMusicFan, Brilliant-Primary500, ChrisAqua, CrimsonROSET, DaHumanTorch, DangerousPresent96, electricboogaloo41, FitzMarble, ignitethephoenix, ImADudeDuh, jirachi, kauai6, krusso1105, Poydoo, RandomHypnotica, runaway3212, Sallynoraa, seanderlust, sweetnsoursauce11, TiltControls, Treecoh, uiscebeathaoir, welcome2thejam

(9.6 x2) ConnerY2323, emayzee

(9.5 x4) Awkward\_King, goorry121, jaztinax, Last\_Slide

(9.3 x1) ambitiousbulbasaur

(9 x26) akane, Alumineous, belaalbuquerque, blankspacejrr, buildingigloos, cinnamonpretzel1989, Daydream1995Forever, Dilemmaofahedgehog, dreamingpastel, Frajer, FreeCuddlesAnyone, Friendly-Canary-3814, giraffiecathie, guts\_spilled, MikeOcks, mustwinfullgaming, Nerfeveryone, nooodisaster, nt96, omgthenerve, pig-serpent, raggedy-princess, Soalai, ss2811, TragicKingdom1, wasian-invasion


**Lowest Scores:**

(4 x3) asadprofessorplum, DevilsOfLoudun, itookyourmatches

(3 x1) pbk

(2.5 x1) innuendo\_overdose


---

**seanderlust** (10): idc if it’s boilerplate H&amp;M-core nu-disco I’m serving to it.

**pbk** (3): this song feels 10000 years long the synthpop equivalent to novocaine i am so bored. so of course it is comfortably top 10

---

**bran** (11): BYE BYE BOY BYE

**Verboten\_Prince** (11): 11-ing the nu-disco bop from Max Martin? How original of me!

**1998tweety** (10): lowkey shouldve been the lead

**ahsweeknd** (10): second shot she fired at Pete after positions

**apatel27** (10): 80s was so last year bring back the 70s

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (10): Biiiiiiiiiiiitch. Why on Lady God’s green earth was this not a single?

**Brilliant-Primary500** (10): nice, she should make more songs like this

**CrimsonROSET** (10): ariana wins by doing nothing

**FitzMarble** (10): my most listened to song of 2024 (because I put it on loop while doing work often). It’s great.

**krusso1105** (10): Favorite on the standard version of the album

**Poydoo** (10): ari please why wasn't this a single

**RandomHypnotica** (10): a little repetitive but i’ll bop

**runaway3212** (10): Sometimes saying bye is the best thing to do but also that shit straight up sucks

**Sallynoraa** (10): the single material but her fans lack taste

**sweetnsoursauce11** (10): if i see ONE comment about ""bad lyrics"" in the chorus like the focus isn't the production and melody

**welcome2thejam** (10): bye

**ConnerY2323** (9.6): courtney sitting in the driveway like bitch can you stop singing and get in

**Awkward\_King** (9.5): do disco bibles (?)

**ambitiousbulbasaur** (9.3): BOPPPP. I love the production, those disco-esque accents go so hard. Was the immediate upbeat standout on first listen for me back in the day.

**blankspacejrr** (9): love how sassy this song is

**buildingigloos** (9): God I wish I didn't know the lore because this song is excellent. The chicken scratch guitar, the key change, the harmonies are all chefs kiss.

**dreamingpastel** (9): Classic Ari vibes.

**Frajer** (9): look this song and boy problems have the same chorus but I'm not complaining

**FreeCuddlesAnyone** (9): so infectious… i wish she went with this direction for the entire album

**mustwinfullgaming** (9): When I first listened to this album, I was not expecting this to be the vibe of the second song on the album. It's the most immediate bop on here, and boy, do I love it! It almost doesn't really fit with a lot of the rest of the songs. It's definitely my favourite from the album. Love the production, love Ariana's singing here.

**Nerfeveryone** (9): I wish the bridge were a little better but that first verse is stunning, and the chorus is so much fun.

**nooodisaster** (9): The transition to the jazzy snyths, the joyous instrumentation announcing freedom through separation, ""Courtney just pulled up"", the simplicity of the chorus. Gurl it's AOTY, shut this shit down right now.

**pig-serpent** (9): Classic disco vibes but they're softened to suit Ari's voice and update it for the times.

**Soalai** (9): I love this, I think it should have been a single

**wasian-invasion** (9): if this is the only disco pastiche we're getting this rate, i'll take it",4.0
mz7nb0g,seanderlust,that's it. i'm leaving.,2.0
mz7mgj2,seanderlust,[One last call for songeniality!!!](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1frrkOoTzAH9dVDGDfYxw5CBUWPle-Un_I1bjjBQLXIA/edit#responses) We are gonna close it after 5th place is revealed.,2.0
mz7m1ms,seanderlust,"
# [#10: Beyonce - TEXAS HOLD 'EM](https://imgur.com/a/a39cD1l)

---

**Average:** 8.225 **// Total Points:** 1077.5 **// Controversy:** 1.447

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/a/VdqHeuT) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/5tv2aTS6)

---

**Highest scores:**

(10 x24) ahsweeknd, ambitiousbulbasaur, apatel27, asadprofessorplum, blankspacejrr, Content\_, darj, DirtyRat583, doctypeppy, dream\_fighter2018, Fair-Profile-8367, guts\_spilled, ImADudeDuh, jirachi, krusso1105, lexiaredery, nonchalantthoughts, pbk, Roxieloxie, runaway3212, seanderlust, TiltControls, Treecoh, wathombe

(9.5 x3) Awkward\_King, ignitethephoenix, Nagisoid

(9.2 x1) Ambrosia42

(9 x26) 1998tweety, akane, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, avg-vag, BleepBloopMusicFan, card114, ChopperRCRG, Danielqbf, Daydream1995Forever, dreamingpastel, electricboogaloo41, Frajer, Friendly-Canary-3814, innuendo\_overdose, jasannn, jaztinax, n00bi3pjs, nooodisaster, poppinmmolly, Restless\_Dill16, SFbby, static\_int\_husp, Stryxen, the tortured flava department, uiscebeathaoir, Verboten\_Prince

(8.8 x3) emayzee, pheromenos, stealthamo


**Lowest Scores:**

(4.5 x1) RandomHypnotica

(4 x1) Poydoo

(3 x2) joeeswift, TakeOnMeByA-ha


---

**pbk** (10): dare i say my favorite cowboy carter song?? it’s certainly possible. glad it managed to hang on to top 10 for a bit bc i felt like this one had grown off people but i’ve always thought it was amazing and still do.

**seanderlust** (10): it made 10th place because it’s a 10 :noitstrue:. This one was my favorite off cowboy carter for months. It may be as complicated or thoughtful as the other fan favorites but god it’s just a great time. Yee - dare I say it? - haw.

---

**ahsweeknd** (10): having a tornado and a heatwave in the city is insane @mothernature

**ambitiousbulbasaur** (10): COME ONNNNNN. LET'S GO (COW)GIRLS! Just an amazing, infectious, undeniable bop. A perfect single too. Makes me want to dance every single time and just feels so joyful. A top pick for me.

**apatel27** (10): And to think this was controversial on release

**asadprofessorplum** (10): Sorry but why are men still making country music after this dropped? I’ve heard enough.

**blankspacejrr** (10): didn't like it at first, but it's really grown on me. the pony up remix is also amazing.

**darj** (10): fuck it, this has grown on me. We are STOMPING we are CLAPPING we are saying HEY!!!!!

**doctypeppy** (10): i dont play about this song idk.. it's such a warm and familiar feeling and i famously love crickets in songs and the outro owns, solargenic photogenic shoot

**ImADudeDuh** (10): (whoo!) (hey!)

**nonchalantthoughts** (10): this is Texas unfortunately

**Roxieloxie** (10): As a [life long](https://transientpeak.ghost.io/what-your-favorite-album-of-2024-says-about-you/) country fan, she was finishing the race that high horse started

**runaway3212** (10): This being soo incredible... radio stations in the US are racist!

**TiltControls** (10): Poker songs by pop artists keep winning

**wathombe** (10): This single was such a flex. Didn’t like “Daddy Lessons?” Fuck you.

**Awkward\_King** (9.5): this is a petty score just because the pony up remix is legitimately one of my favourite beyonce songs, dont know what she put in that but its brilliant. really fun that this was a big hit for her even if it kinda didnt have any staying power

**ignitethephoenix** (9.5): proof she can do any genre with 0 issues

**Nagisoid** (9.5): is she even from texas...",2.0
mz7lyu9,seanderlust,Our next elimination....it's so true,1.0
mz7lecr,thewallsofeightplus,so proud of my babies riiverdance and tyrant,3.0
mz7lavr,FitzMarble,TAYLOR TOP 10!!!!!,13.0
mz7l4z0,seanderlust,"# [#11: Beyonce - II MOST WANTED](https://imgur.com/a/4hfuIZB)

---

**Average:** 8.150 **// Total Points:** 1067.7 **// Controversy:** 1.899

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/ItRhla4) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/38gyxzhk)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x2) raggedy-princess, TragicKingdom1

(10 x35) 1998tweety, ahsweeknd, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, Alumineous, BleepBloopMusicFan, Brilliant-Primary500, ChopperRCRG, ChrisAqua, Content\_, DangerousPresent96, Daydream1995Forever, dream\_fighter2018, electricboogaloo41, FreeCuddlesAnyone, goro\_akechi\_apologist, guts\_spilled, ignitethephoenix, ImADudeDuh, jasannn, joeeswift, krusso1105, n00bi3pjs, nooodisaster, RandomHypnotica, Restless\_Dill16, runaway3212, Sallynoraa, SnoreLux1, static\_int\_husp, stealthamo, the tortured flava department, Treecoh, uiscebeathaoir, wathombe, welcome2thejam

(9.5 x4) avg-vag, Last\_Slide, SparkySam100, wasian-invasion

(9.4 x1) ambitiousbulbasaur

(9 x21) Agreeable\_Pianist644, asadprofessorplum, belaalbuquerque, blankspacejrr, bran, buildingigloos, caaathyx, CrimsonROSET, Danielqbf, doctypeppy, dreamingpastel, FitzMarble, Frajer, frogaranaman, jaztinax, MasterWizardRyan, mylps9, Nagisoid, omgthenerve, ss2811, TiltControls

(8.8 x1) Ambrosia42


**Lowest Scores:**

(3 x2) pbk, SFbby

(2 x1) itookyourmatches

(0 x1) thedirtiestdish


---

**seanderlust** (7): The winner of the culture vulture feature wars, II MOST WANTED just barely falls shy of the top 10, leaving the top ten with a measly 7 Beyonce tracks smh. The track itself, it sounds nice and I do like the sound of Miley’s and Bey’s voices together. That said, do I come back to it very often? No.

**pbk** (3): i just don’t like this at all i don’t get much chemistry from them and as a song it’s just really boring and goes on and on

---

**1998tweety** (10): two queens maximizing their joint slay

**ahsweeknd** (10): such Thelma and Louise vibes

**Alumineous** (10): Best collaboration on this album. Both sang amazingly, no one sang over each other, they compliment each other beautifully.

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (10): It’s amazing that, for how distinct both Beyoncé and Miley’s voices are, they blend together so well here. Just gorgeous.

**Brilliant-Primary500** (10): Easily the second best song in the album, the sapphic vibes are soooo good, Sabrina &amp; Chappell should cover this song once they're old like Miley and Beyoncé currently are.

**FreeCuddlesAnyone** (10): gaylor and gayriana allegations but we’re letting gayonce slip under our noses

**goro\_akechi\_apologist** (10): Props to Beyonce for understanding that making a song about two gay outlaws in love was a necessity for a country album. Many artists don't know this but it's actually required for every country album to have a song about gay outlaws on it, they've been failing us for decades

**ignitethephoenix** (10): Beyoncé’s gayest song?

**ImADudeDuh** (10): FUCK YOU RADIO FOR MAKING THIS FLOP WHY WOULDN’T YOU JUST LET MILEY GET ANOTHER HIT YOU LIKED FLOWERS SO MUCH AND THIS IS SO MUCH BETTER SO JUST PLAY THIS WHY WOULDN’T YOU I HATE YOU SO MUCH STOP PLAYING BENSON BOONE AJKDFVNAKDJFVN

**krusso1105** (10): Still torn between this and YA YA for the 11

**n00bi3pjs** (10): More Beyonce WLW songs please

**nooodisaster** (10): The best song I've ever heard in my entire life. Sold me on the concept of lesbians.

**RandomHypnotica** (10): i honestly never expected their voices to work together as well as they do???

**Restless\_Dill16** (10): If we're never getting a sequel to the Telephone music video, I guess this is the next best thing.

**runaway3212** (10): Sorry they also ended here, there's something so beautiful about love

**Sallynoraa** (10): nine for bey and the song and one for miley

**stealthamo** (10): Beyoncé and Miley are one of those pairings that make a lot of sense the more you think about it. Two women originally from the South who go whichever genre perks up their ears at that particular moment. And their contrasting voices end up complimenting each other as two women who have taken their own unique paths to get to this one perfect moment.

**the tortured flava department** (10): I needed more of this sapphic outlaw yearning on the album I can't lie

**Treecoh** (10): lowkey beyonce and mileys voice dont go together at all but still a 10

**uiscebeathaoir** (10): Why tf wasn’t this a hit seriously

**wathombe** (10): don’t tease us like that, you two

**welcome2thejam** (10): They sound so beautiful singing together, that chorus is everything",3.0
mz7l435,seanderlust,I was really trying to figure out a good shitpost for this next one that referenced Thelma and Louise but I ran out of time.,5.0
mz7kzgi,uiscebeathaoir,"Ariana going from escaping Day 2 to being in basically the exact same position as Taylor, you can't make this up",4.0
mz7kgy4,seanderlust,"
# [#12: Ariana Grande - supernatural](https://imgur.com/a/W18bR9j)

---

**Average:** 8.140 **// Total Points:** 1066.3 **// Controversy:** 1.703

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/Pi7RNtU) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/hRy8nNTk)

---

**Highest scores:**

(10 x34) 1998tweety, ahsweeknd, akane, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, Alumineous, Awkward\_King, blankspacejrr, bran, ChrisAqua, ConnerY2323, DangerousPresent96, electricboogaloo41, FitzMarble, giraffiecathie, goro\_akechi\_apologist, guts\_spilled, ignitethephoenix, jasannn, jaztinax, jirachi, joeeswift, kauai6, Last\_Slide, Lipe18090, MasterWizardRyan, medusaOP500, omgthenerve, PSSST12, Restless\_Dill16, Roxieloxie, SFbby, SnoreLux1, sweetnsoursauce11, wasian-invasion

(9.5 x6) avg-vag, darj, Poydoo, the tortured flava department, Turpamutteri, UltimateTaco

(9 x13) Agreeable\_Pianist644, belaalbuquerque, Brilliant-Primary500, CarlieScion, ChopperRCRG, CrimsonROSET, dreamingpastel, lexiaredery, MikeOcks, mylps9, n00bi3pjs, ricki, Stryxen

(8.9 x2) EtenKillbeat, RandomHypnotica

(8.8 x1) stealthamo


**Lowest Scores:**

(2 x2) bichonoturno, Dilemmaofahedgehog


---

**pbk** (6.5): this one’s just kinda unremarkable to me i didn’t even know people liked this one but it basically never left day 3 so i guess people are into it

**seanderlust** (6): me explaining how global political news spreads on tumblr these days

---

**1998tweety** (10): the troye remix eats down

**ahsweeknd** (10): This. This is the moment.

**akane** (10): It’s just too pretty

**Alumineous** (10): Another song about space in this rate? I think Taylor did it better, but I do love the vibes here. It might be a precursor to Down Bad, if I’m honest. This love’s possessing me, then sent me back where I came from?

**Awkward\_King** (10): im scoring the troye version bc you cant stop me btw

**blankspacejrr** (10): my God, her vocals are ethereal on this

**ConnerY2323** (10): quietly in my top 10 ari tracks, it’s just so SMOOTH

**FitzMarble** (10): remix is great, where’s my supernatural twink boyfriend at???

**goro\_akechi\_apologist** (10): The Troye Sivan duet version is the definitive version of this song in my eyes but even without him this song owns

**jasannn** (10): would have been my 11 if this was the troye sivan version. his extra harmonies are missed.

**jaztinax** (10): when the 808 hits… oh my god it’s over

**Restless\_Dill16** (10): I think I slightly prefer the remix with Troye. I just enjoy their collabs.

**sweetnsoursauce11** (10): i've become re-obsessed with this song recently and it's become a super close contender for my 11. glad it had a little tiktok moment but it truly should have been a proper single.

**wasian-invasion** (10): its totallyy, like, supernatural y'know?

**darj** (9.5): main album highlight

**the tortured flava department** (9.5): it's so wincestious

**Turpamutteri** (9.5): banger

**UltimateTaco** (9.5): taking bets on how many “why was this not a single” comments there will be

**Brilliant-Primary500** (9): that remix with Troye Sivan should be released as a single, it deserves to blow up on Tik Tok

**CrimsonROSET** (9): we are two for two with troye getting unlucky in what ariana grande song he jumps on

**dreamingpastel** (9): A song that makes me feel like I'm floating in the stars.

**Stryxen** (9): ariana I have received the message you encoded in this song and will proceed with the plan",2.0
mz7k0gn,seanderlust,"how does everyone like to get their political news?

i prefer tumblr",3.0
mz7jbrt,agreen3636,NO,2.0
mz7j8hx,seanderlust,"# [#13: Beyonce - RIIVERDANCE](https://imgur.com/a/DNM7Agt)

---

**Average:** 8.086 **// Total Points:** 1059.3 **// Controversy:** 1.765

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/a/LuetMS4) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/n6Wdniux)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x3) ArcaneLabyrinth, electricboogaloo41, oh\_crow

(10 x27) agreen3636, ahsweeknd, apatel27, BleepBloopMusicFan, buildingigloos, ChopperRCRG, ConnerY2323, Content\_, CrimsonROSET, darj, doctypeppy, dreamingpastel, iM\_a\_cAt\_i\_sAy\_meOW, innuendo\_overdose, kauai6, krusso1105, modulum83, n00bi3pjs, nt96, pbk, Poydoo, Restless\_Dill16, Roxieloxie, Serious-Lake-1478, ss2811, sweetnsoursauce11, TiltControls

(9.6 x1) Ambrosia42

(9.5 x6) Awkward\_King, FitzMarble, Friendly-Canary-3814, seanderlust, wasian-invasion, wathombe

(9.2 x1) DirtyRat583

(9 x19) Alternative\_Yam\_2699, avg-vag, bichonoturno, blankspacejrr, DaHumanTorch, Danielqbf, Frajer, frogaranaman, giraffiecathie, goro\_akechi\_apologist, guts\_spilled, IIIHenryIII, jaztinax, jirachi, MikeOcks, pig-serpent, Stryxen, uiscebeathaoir, welcome2thejam

(8.8 x2) ignitethephoenix, nonchalantthoughts

(8.6 x1) FreeCuddlesAnyone


**Lowest Scores:**

(3 x1) poppinmmolly

(2 x1) itookyourmatches


---

**pbk** (10): BOUNCE ON THAT SHIT (DANCE)

**seanderlust** (9.5): god this would have been an inspired top 10 pick.

---

**electricboogaloo41** (11): a work of art

**oh\_crow** (11): starts off an absolutely flawless run of songs to me. like a legendary three song run that rivals any run of songs on renaissance, lemonade, self titled. her voice sounds absolutely heavenly on this

**agreen3636** (10): BOUNCE ON THAT SHIT!!!! Another 10 baby

**ahsweeknd** (10): does she mean a creek? Cause a river can get fairly deep

**apatel27** (10): The stripped back sound just works so well

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (10): Something holy and divine entered her body for the three song stretch this starts (and then Satan showed up for a few minutes after that).

**buildingigloos** (10): Bounce on that shit Dance Bounce on that shit No Hands!

**ChopperRCRG** (10): I saw a tiktok that the guitar is a ringtone from some flip phone and never really questioned it because it adds a lot to the song and I don’t want to learn that it’s not true.

**ConnerY2323** (10): shaking ass with my clogs on

**CrimsonROSET** (10): why am I crying part 3

**darj** (10): STAND TF UP!!!! my favorite from my first listens of CC last year

**doctypeppy** (10): Raye ate her tea and dunked her crumpers i guess

**dreamingpastel** (10): The first time I ever heard this song was in spin class, so I mostly associate this with jumps now.

**innuendo\_overdose** (10): if Deerhunter actually hunted, skinned, and ate deer

**modulum83** (10): dear god she iinvented country deep house. ii bow before my new queen

**n00bi3pjs** (10): This song is a banger and a half. The fingernail instrumental is a choice.

**Poydoo** (10): me and who

**Roxieloxie** (10): genuinely who has a four track run like this

**sweetnsoursauce11** (10): BANGER BANGER BANGER i don't see enough love for this song!!!

**TiltControls** (10): this combined with II HANDS forms a 12/10. Having them separated by shuffle playlists is a pain

**Ambrosia42** (9.6): BOUNCE ON THAT SHIT!! Raye’s pen always devours

**Awkward\_King** (9.5): thank you raye

**wasian-invasion** (9.5): in this essay i will discuss how cultural appropriation is good sometimes actually

**wathombe** (9.5): just the tiniest bit of renaissance sneaking into this track (i’m there for it)

**DirtyRat583** (9.2): how is THIS the song raye wrote for 😭😭",2.0
mz7j14h,seanderlust,:ireland-flag:,2.0
mz7i586,seanderlust,"# [#14: Ariana Grande - twilight zone](https://imgur.com/a/JNO78rI)

---

**Average:** 8.060 **// Total Points:** 1055.8 **// Controversy:** 1.841

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/e09dy79) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/zRywNNYZ)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x1) pheromenos

(10 x28) ahsweeknd, akane, asadprofessorplum, avg-vag, Awkward\_King, blankspacejrr, BleepBloopMusicFan, Brilliant-Primary500, ChopperRCRG, DangerousPresent96, dreamingpastel, emayzee, FitzMarble, frogaranaman, guts\_spilled, jirachi, kauai6, MasterWizardRyan, MikeOcks, modulum83, n00bi3pjs, nooodisaster, poppinmmolly, PSSST12, Serious-Lake-1478, SFbby, TiltControls, Turpamutteri

(9.5 x7) belaalbuquerque, ConnerY2323, FreeCuddlesAnyone, jasannn, jaztinax, medusaOP500, Nagisoid

(9.1 x1) DirtyRat583

(9 x18) Alternative\_Yam\_2699, AlternativelyListed, Alumineous, bran, ChrisAqua, CrimsonROSET, electricboogaloo41, Friendly-Canary-3814, hikk, krusso1105, mylps9, raggedy-princess, seanderlust, slimboyfriend, sweetnsoursauce11, team\_kockroach, thedirtiestdish, wasian-invasion

(8.9 x1) RandomHypnotica

(8.8 x1) EtenKillbeat

(8.6 x2) innuendo\_overdose, runaway3212


**Lowest Scores:**

(3 x1) itookyourmatches

(2.5 x1) uiscebeathaoir

(2 x2) card114, pig-serpent


---

**seanderlust** (9): this was tied for my favorite of the deluxe tracks that dropped earlier this year. I like the synths and the mid-tempo feels like the perfect atmosphere for this feeling. Sometimes you’re over it and you look back on a relationship and go “huh, that was weird. Anyways!” and move on with your day. I was very happy that this seemed to for the most part hover around mid-to-late day 3 for the entirety of the rate, going out at 14 with our first 8 average of the rate.

**pbk** (8.5): this was a bit of grower for me it’s nothing super special but it’s some solid synthpop with a good hook and competent enough lyrics

---

**pheromenos** (11): this is her cruel summer idk

**ahsweeknd** (10): I hope she means the original. Knowing her she probably does and we respect her for it

**akane** (10): this was such a good single choice I wish it was even bigger

**asadprofessorplum** (10): Sometimes I can’t believe you happened ;.)

**Awkward\_King** (10): this amazing amazing song..

**blankspacejrr** (10): we can't be friend's older sister and I love it

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (10): Rod Sterling more like God Serving.

**Brilliant-Primary500** (10): i like how chill this song sounds, fuck Dalton as usual.

**dreamingpastel** (10): My favorite song off the deluxe album!

**FitzMarble** (10): this song does such an incredible job of conjuring a mental image and story for me, it’s honestly pretty incredible

**frogaranaman** (10): crazy how someone you date for such a short period of time changes the entire trajectory of your life

**modulum83** (10): this is just Less Than Zero but Less Than Zero is a perfect song in all its forms

**n00bi3pjs** (10): why wasn't this on the main album.

**nooodisaster** (10): The hits just keep coming

**PSSST12** (10): oh this unexpected serve. . . This and warm should have made the standard edition over bye and yes and omg. . .

**Turpamutteri** (10): should've been on the main album

**ConnerY2323** (9.5): once i got over my disappointment that this wasn’t spooky, i fell in love

**FreeCuddlesAnyone** (9.5): i don’t care that this is just pinterest quotes!! all the more for me!!

**jasannn** (9.5): a much better version of We Can't Be Friends

**jaztinax** (9.5): the vibe is giving high school lovers driving around late at night with the windows down which is ironic because it’s a bitter breakup song but you know…

**Nagisoid** (9.5): She should sell out more often idgaf

**AlternativelyListed** (9): the sonic cohesion with the regular album...yes and

**CrimsonROSET** (9): I should probably actually watch it

**krusso1105** (9): I think the bonus songs are generally stronger than the main album for me

**sweetnsoursauce11** (9): wish this got more promo bc it's so good! i love how haunting and reflective it sounds

**team\_kockroach** (9): I love how emotionally potent this song is. These strings sound immaculate too.

**thedirtiestdish** (9): girl I feel you

**wasian-invasion** (9): call her you messy bitch",3.0
mz7hvjp,seanderlust,"Anyone else have a weird old actor or actress that they think is hot? Not the obvious ones, but something a little left-field",2.0
mz7ha8t,seanderlust,"# [#15: Beyonce - DAUGHTER](https://imgur.com/a/xTs9rbi)

---

**Average:** 7.887 **// Total Points:** 1033.2 **// Controversy:** 1.904

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/ECzvsA3) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/9Hn5SYLc)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x2) belaalbuquerque, SparkySam100

(10 x33) ahsweeknd, ArcaneLabyrinth, asadprofessorplum, bichonoturno, buildingigloos, ChopperRCRG, ConnerY2323, Content\_, Danielqbf, Dilemmaofahedgehog, doctypeppy, electricboogaloo41, FitzMarble, guts\_spilled, IIIHenryIII, ImADudeDuh, jaztinax, jirachi, jman457, krusso1105, lexiaredery, MasterWizardRyan, MikeOcks, mylps9, nt96, PSSST12, runaway3212, seanderlust, Serious-Lake-1478, thedirtiestdish, Treecoh, UltimateTaco, wathombe

(9.7 x1) Poydoo

(9.5 x2) akane, team\_kockroach

(9.4 x1) FreeCuddlesAnyone

(9.2 x1) EtenKillbeat

(9.1 x1) Ambrosia42

(9 x11) apatel27, avg-vag, Awkward\_King, cinnamonpretzel1989, DangerousPresent96, dreamingpastel, Friendly-Canary-3814, giraffiecathie, Nerfeveryone, pig-serpent, Roxieloxie

(8.5 x3) bran, Brilliant-Primary500, nooodisaster


**Lowest Scores:**

(3.5 x1) Nagisoid

(3 x2) itookyourmatches, Sallynoraa

(2.5 x1) Fair-Profile-8367

(2 x1) kauai6


---

**seanderlust** (10): I’m so glad this made day 3. The intensity? The strings? The OPERA?! I’m ascending. I have ascended.

**pbk** (4.5): i just don’t understand the appeal of this one i think the lyrics are kind of a mess and the sound doesn’t appeal to me at all. i would’ve shoved this in day 1 with the interludes i dunno what it’s doing here

---

**ahsweeknd** (10): The way she doesn’t say the word daughter in the song but it seems like she does

**asadprofessorplum** (10): GAGGED! Save it for the Act III Gregorian Chant Opera album

**buildingigloos** (10): I have no words for this, the strings, the opera????

**ConnerY2323** (10): caro mio ben… enjoy this choir kids because it might be the only time beyonce ever acknowledges you

**doctypeppy** (10): Bottled up like bottle service broads instant classic stupid line

**IIIHenryIII** (10): this woman serves everything, even opera in a country album

**ImADudeDuh** (10): idk why but “I am colder than Titanic water” is one of my favorite deliveries of the entire album

**jaztinax** (10): this song is a whole ass musical

**jman457** (10): When beyonce is cooking at this level, you gotta eat the whole meal like damn

**krusso1105** (10): One of the most underrated songs on the album

**lexiaredery** (10): Whitechapel? Why are they all singing about London?

**MasterWizardRyan** (10): she's out here singing opera and yall have the audacity to compare her to your khia popstars?

**PSSST12** (10): y'all are gonna gas II HANDS but this is on par or even better at times I fear. .

**runaway3212** (10): girll get yourself a maffioso like this one omfg the slay of it all

**thedirtiestdish** (10): her mind... the scorpio moon jumped out

**UltimateTaco** (10): Anne Marie Lastrassi is clawing at the bars of her enclosure

**wathombe** (10): burn the fucking world down, b

**Poydoo** (9.7): pls not the italiancé

**akane** (9.5): no one sings like beyonce… just no one. I consider her the very most skilled vocalist in pop music today and her being able to toss in some opera into a country song exemplifies that

**team\_kockroach** (9.5): Probably one of my favorite performances across the entire rate. Those strings are crisp as hell too.

**EtenKillbeat** (9.2): she literally fit a whole movie in three and a half minutes

**Awkward\_King** (9): operatic beyonce.. maybe we have been eating so good

**cinnamonpretzel1989** (9): not just anybody could do this

**Nerfeveryone** (9): OPERA!? ON MY COUNTRY ALBUM!? Why does this work so well?

**pig-serpent** (9): I will eat up the slop dramatic Bey serves me.

**Roxieloxie** (9): Sometimes you have to smack a bitch NOW and repent later",2.0
mz7h3ir,seanderlust,"some of these elims are honestly really hard.

i love these songs like my own children",1.0
mz7g09n,seanderlust,"# [#16: Ariana Grande - the boy is mine](https://imgur.com/a/fB0nxka)

---

**Average:** 7.870 **// Total Points:** 1031.0 **// Controversy:** 2.180

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/8WBkRon) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/8SvRc8DD)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x3) DaHumanTorch, jaztinax, Sallynoraa

(10 x34) 1998tweety, ahsweeknd, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, Ambrosia42, ArcaneLabyrinth, Awkward\_King, belaalbuquerque, blankspacejrr, Brilliant-Primary500, ChopperRCRG, DirtyRat583, Friendly-Canary-3814, frogaranaman, guts\_spilled, hikk, ignitethephoenix, ImADudeDuh, jirachi, joeeswift, lexiaredery, Lipe18090, MasterWizardRyan, medusaOP500, Nerfeveryone, omgthenerve, Poydoo, raggedy-princess, RandomHypnotica, runaway3212, ss2811, Stryxen, Treecoh, uiscebeathaoir, wasian-invasion

(9.9 x1) kauai6

(9.7 x1) emayzee

(9.5 x2) seanderlust, sweetnsoursauce11

(9.4 x1) ConnerY2323

(9 x11) Agreeable\_Pianist644, AlternativelyListed, apatel27, asadprofessorplum, BleepBloopMusicFan, bran, ChrisAqua, giraffiecathie, jasannn, PSSST12, SnoreLux1

(8.6 x1) pheromenos

(8.5 x6) akane, DangerousPresent96, Frajer, goro\_akechi\_apologist, oh\_crow, static\_int\_husp


**Lowest Scores:**

(2 x1) modulum83

(1 x2) pbk, the tortured flava department


---

**seanderlust** (9.5): that slow down into the chorus scratches my brain perfectly. Usually R&amp;Biana (i just spent a minute or so trying to figure out how to pronounce that out loud) is kind of a hard sell for me but I have to admit this one is great. The beat is perfect, the synths are smooth. I especially love that squeaky one in the very back of the mix.

**pbk** (1): taking one of the most iconic and defining hits of the 90s and desecrating it to justify cheating with a man with a newborn… and then not even making it sound good… the synths on this song just sound like sludge to me the song truly fails on every front

---

**DaHumanTorch** (11): such an incredible song, one of her best ever

**jaztinax** (11): the perfect pop’n’b bop. the slightly slowed down beat leading up to the chorus still excites me even if it’s the 200th time hearing it

**Sallynoraa** (11): next time people catch me wrecking homes, i'm blaming arianka

**1998tweety** (10): this deserved to much better

**ahsweeknd** (10): a track worthy of an 11

**Ambrosia42** (10): the smash

**Awkward\_King** (10): getting brandy and monica on the remix was sooo iconic i wish the remix was good or literally anyone remembered that happened

**blankspacejrr** (10): what a banger

**Brilliant-Primary500** (10): SpongeBob must be so fucking good in bed that she created something this magical and heavenly.

**frogaranaman** (10): sometimes fate is just written in the stars and you just gotta hop on their dick. I get it.

**hikk** (10): this song is soooo good when you forget it's about spongebob

**ignitethephoenix** (10): the bop

**ImADudeDuh** (10): i want to fuck the Just Dance dancer for this song so bad

**MasterWizardRyan** (10): girl, keep him, you're doing us a favor

**Nerfeveryone** (10): Ariana in her villain era! Max Martin's production on this is absolute fire.

**Poydoo** (10): we love rats

**RandomHypnotica** (10): FUCK morals in songs omg i don’t care if this is shady af it sounds godly af

**runaway3212** (10): When this song first came out I thought I had literally died and this song was serenading me as I was travelling to the pearly gates of heaven

**Stryxen** (10): mind you she changed this from a straightforward duet to a masterful conceptual meta duet with her public persona/reputation reclaiming her agency and playing up the part of the villain to be her own foil in the narrative discussing her complicated relationship with celebrity. most iconic alter egos of all time: Beyoncé as Sasha Fierce, Taylor Swift as THE ANTHOLOGY, Ariana Grande as 𝓮𝓽𝓮𝓻𝓷𝓪𝓵 𝓼𝓾𝓷𝓼𝓱𝓲𝓷𝓮

**uiscebeathaoir** (10): One of my favourite Ariana songs period

**wasian-invasion** (10): girl fuck you and that baby

**emayzee** (9.7): the slow down at the beginning of the chorus is SO satisfying to me that i forget that she's singing about breaking up a family",3.0
mz7fjjq,seanderlust,"i'm so excited to add to the list of rate winners today. :)

speaking of rate winners....",1.0
mz7eeo2,RandomHypnotica,guilty as win PLEASE don't let us down...,8.0
mz7e3zl,blueberries929,"Guilty as Sin, you're on your own, kid.",12.0
mz7e2k5,agreen3636,"Girls who get Sweet Honey Buckiin' get it, girls who don't
...have no taste",13.0
mz7dz4k,seanderlust,"# [#17: Taylor Swift - The Black Dog](https://imgur.com/a/ieoDSvQ)

---

**Average:** 7.779 **// Total Points:** 1019.0 **// Controversy:** 2.082

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/ono6uwe) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/eVuF3Jat)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x3) guts\_spilled, mylps9, poppinmmolly

(10 x26) Alternative\_Yam\_2699, AlternativelyListed, Alumineous, asadprofessorplum, Brilliant-Primary500, CarlieScion, ChrisAqua, Content\_, Daydream1995Forever, FitzMarble, IIIHenryIII, Last\_Slide, MasterWizardRyan, modulum83, nooodisaster, omgthenerve, pbk, Poydoo, RandomHypnotica, Restless\_Dill16, ricki, thedirtiestdish, TiltControls, Turpamutteri, UltimateTaco, wathombe

(9.6 x1) pheromenos

(9.5 x5) avg-vag, EtenKillbeat, Nagisoid, the tortured flava department, Upset\_syrup\_371

(9.3 x1) blueberries929

(9.1 x1) slimboyfriend

(9 x15) belaalbuquerque, BleepBloopMusicFan, ChopperRCRG, electricboogaloo41, Frajer, frogaranaman, goorry121, jimmyrollinsdurag, krusso1105, medusaOP500, runaway3212, Serious-Lake-1478, SFbby, Stryxen, welcome2thejam

(8.8 x1) Soalai

(8.5 x10) 1998tweety, Agreeable\_Pianist644, bigbigbee, darj, Friendly-Canary-3814, hikk, jasannn, static\_int\_husp, uiscebeathaoir, wasian-invasion

(8.4 x1) jackisboredtoday


**Lowest Scores:**

(3 x4) Ambrosia42, dream\_fighter2018, kauai6, TragicKingdom1

(2 x1) Awkward\_King

(1.5 x1) Dilemmaofahedgehog


---

Rate Graph // All Scores

**pbk** (10): now i adore this song but do i think it does anything unique compared to the rest of the album that it should be her 2nd highest song? not even a little. what the hell is that about.

**seanderlust** (7.5): it’s fine. Surprised to see it day 3 tbh. Based The Starting Line reference though

---

**Alumineous** (10): Legitimately surprised someone of her stardom used Find My Friends.

**asadprofessorplum** (10): So there’s this lowkey-top-ten-in-her-discography-soft-rock-masterpiece we need to talk about…

**Brilliant-Primary500** (10): if the standard edition of the album actually opened with this song, it would've been received absolutely well.

**CarlieScion** (10): what a great «and another thing!!!!!»-bridge

**FitzMarble** (10): hearing this at 2:00am after thinking the album was over… still not over it

**IIIHenryIII** (10): OLD HABITS DIE SCREEEEEEEEEEAMIIIIIIIIIIIIING

**modulum83** (10): I love how ugly and bared this song is. Watching your ex-partner go to your favorite bar, pick up other women, it's so utterly raw and exposed and painful to think about, and the music doesn't slack. Against the numb pain of the verses, the ""drops"" in the chorus sound like knives tearing at your throat. It finally delivers on that explosive, noisy climax we've been waiting the entire album to hear, and it's so, so fucking worth it. This song is honestly painful for me to listen to, and yet when that final outro hits I am screaming too, ""tail between your legs you're leaving!!!!"" and I might be over my relationship now but this always brings it back, lets me relive that pain in the most cathartic possible way.

**nooodisaster** (10): 17th track on this album ""THIS IS HOW YOU START A MOTHERFUCKING ALBUM!""

**Poydoo** (10): wait why is this album suddenly amazing

**RandomHypnotica** (10): AND I HOPE ITS SHITTY

**thedirtiestdish** (10): screeeeeeeeaaaaammmmiiiiiinnngggg

**TiltControls** (10): this should've been main album material

**wathombe** (10): this was one of the few anthology tracks to grab me right away

**pheromenos** (9.6): is this even meant to be an allegory for depression

**EtenKillbeat** (9.5): no words

**Nagisoid** (9.5): This All Stars 9 Winner

**blueberries929** (9.3): even if i die (deep breath) SCREAAAAAAAAAAAAAMIIIIIIIIIIIING

**slimboyfriend** (9.1): this whole song sounds like a good cathartic “FUCK”

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (9): Referencing a band with less than a million monthly listeners on Spotify? It’s called being a worldly woman, sweaty.

**Frajer** (9): the worst is over you can have the best of me hee hee

**frogaranaman** (9): my ex situationship when I forgot to turn my location off with him for a week after blocking everything but his number, probably

**jimmyrollinsdurag** (9): just such a good build-up to ""AND I HOPE IT'S SHITTY""

**runaway3212** (9): Ohhh end it!

**Stryxen** (9): AND I HOPE ITS CLITTY IN THE CLOCK IT

**welcome2thejam** (9): Genesis Owusu outsold

**Soalai** (8.8): One of the strongest Anthology tracks for sure. The discordant production after the chorus is wonderful",4.0
mz7dmlo,seanderlust,"god...that last elimination is so sick. i need to go take my bupropion, brb",2.0
mz7di1o,uiscebeathaoir,"Tentatively quite happy with the results so far, so I just know some shitstorms about to hit...",2.0
mz7cxf7,seanderlust,"# [#18: Beyonce - SWEET HONEY BUCKIIN'](https://imgur.com/a/bwo0nKx)

---

**Average:** 7.687 **// Total Points:** 1007.0 **// Controversy:** 2.254

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x2) frogaranaman, nt96

(10 x32) ahsweeknd, akane, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, Ambrosia42, ArcaneLabyrinth, Awkward\_King, buildingigloos, ChopperRCRG, ConnerY2323, Content\_, DaHumanTorch, darj, DirtyRat583, doctypeppy, FitzMarble, FreeCuddlesAnyone, goorry121, goro\_akechi\_apologist, jackisboredtoday, joeeswift, MasterWizardRyan, nonchalantthoughts, nooodisaster, pbk, Restless\_Dill16, Roxieloxie, seanderlust, ss2811, Stryxen, thedirtiestdish, UltimateTaco, wathombe

(9.5 x4) avg-vag, belaalbuquerque, krusso1105, Serious-Lake-1478

(9.4 x1) jman457

(9.3 x1) kauai6

(9 x11) 1998tweety, agreen3636, Fair-Profile-8367, Frajer, Friendly-Canary-3814, giraffiecathie, guts\_spilled, hikk, ImADudeDuh, pheromenos, sweetnsoursauce11

(8.5 x4) cinnamonpretzel1989, DangerousPresent96, electricboogaloo41, runaway3212

(8.4 x1) slimboyfriend

(8.3 x1) modulum83


**Lowest Scores:**

(3.5 x1) caaathyx

(3 x6) Daydream1995Forever, lexiaredery, n00bi3pjs, Nagisoid, Sallynoraa, SnoreLux1

(2 x1) poppinmmolly

(0 x2) BleepBloopMusicFan, PSSST12


---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/1QkBKqZ) // All Scores

---

**pbk** (10): i’m very happy to see this day 3 i love this song and its weird, frenetic energy.

**seanderlust** (10): three things: 1) look at that horse, 2) look at that horse, and 3) look at that horse.

---

**frogaranaman** (11): I'll admit it. I'm Boozey pilled

**nt96** (11): If I had a nickel for every time a penultimate Beyonce song with honey in it was the absolute cuntiest track on the album, I'd have two nickels. Which isn't a lot, but it's weird that it happened twice

**ahsweeknd** (10): Shaboozey’s yeehaw in this is perfect

**akane** (10): AAAAAAAAAAAAA

**Ambrosia42** (10): BUCKIIN! BUCKIIN!

**Awkward\_King** (10): god this is such an insane earworm.. really an amazing sequel to pure/honey

**buildingigloos** (10): The parallels with Pure/Honey her mind

**ConnerY2323** (10): lowkey the most daring track on the album… so many wild production choices that add up to this bizarre cowgirl fantasy

**Content\_** (10): “look at that horse” with the galloping horse sounds is just so fun

**DaHumanTorch** (10): LOOK AT THAT HORSE LOOK AT THAT HORSE LOOK AT THAT HORSE...her pen &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;

**DirtyRat583** (10): pharrell-produced jersey club on beyonces club album..... what the hell sure

**doctypeppy** (10): this song live was fucking... Omg. I am about to cry. Track down the vid if you can its the sound of the summer

**FitzMarble** (10): considering how good the first two honey tracks have been I don’t think the world is ready for the third

**FreeCuddlesAnyone** (10): LIKE A MECHANICAL BULL! BUCKING! BUCKING!

**goro\_akechi\_apologist** (10): I didn't care for this one for the longest time because of how busy and noisy it was but it all kinda locked in and worked for me when I realized it was kinda the homecoming, dance party ending to the entire album. Like, the hero has returned victorious from their journey, everyone is safe and sound, so now it's time to celebrate and dance and feel good. And characterizing it like that, it really works! The song really feels like one last big hoedown to send us out on and I really like that.

**jackisboredtoday** (10): looking at that horse as I requested by putting on an episode of Bojack after this album

**nonchalantthoughts** (10): ONE THING ABOUT BEYONCÉ, SHE’S GOING TO BODY A WACKY BEAT!

**nooodisaster** (10): Shaboozey hits his verse out of the mf park. The production &amp; switch-up is insane and makes me want to turn tf up.

**Restless\_Dill16** (10): Look at that horse, look at that horse, look at that horse.

**Roxieloxie** (10): beyonce you have done it again (penultimate track with the word honey in it thats also the best song i've ever heard in my life ^(shaboozey pls answer my calls)

**Stryxen** (10): posse bitch track with SHABOOZEY somehow still being a 10 oh beysus

**thedirtiestdish** (10): was about to give a 9 but remembered how hard this popped live... a moment

**UltimateTaco** (10): I am looking Beyoncé please stop yelling at me

**wathombe** (10): TYRANT’s fuse reaches the powder keg and unleashes five straight minutes of unabashed ass-shaking from B and Shaboozey.",3.0
mz7cwuo,Roxieloxie,what the literal fuck is wrong with you all,6.0
mz7cjvm,seanderlust,"you know, i've been trolling through clips from westerns for shitpost inspiration the past couple weeks, and horses are genuinely such magnificent creatures.",2.0
mz7bd1r,seanderlust,"# [#19: Ariana Grande - eternal sunshine](https://imgur.com/a/T1IG7xC)

---

**Average:** 7.622 **// Total Points:** 998.5 **// Controversy:** 1.840

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/a/ck6qTMo) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/S3PQj4V7)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x1) nooodisaster

(10 x23) ahsweeknd, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, Alumineous, apatel27, buildingigloos, ChrisAqua, DaHumanTorch, electricboogaloo41, emayzee, Fair-Profile-8367, goro\_akechi\_apologist, guts\_spilled, hikk, jirachi, joeeswift, kauai6, lexiaredery, MasterWizardRyan, pig-serpent, runaway3212, ss2811, sweetnsoursauce11, wathombe

(9.5 x3) akane, Last\_Slide, pheromenos

(9.2 x1) UltimateTaco

(9 x12) 1998tweety, avg-vag, BleepBloopMusicFan, bran, ChopperRCRG, ConnerY2323, dreamingpastel, EtenKillbeat, giraffiecathie, ignitethephoenix, jaztinax, Restless\_Dill16

(8.6 x1) Poydoo

(8.5 x5) belaalbuquerque, jasannn, medusaOP500, TiltControls, wasian-invasion

(8.3 x2) Ambrosia42, modulum83


**Lowest Scores:**

(3.5 x1) asadprofessorplum

(3 x1) DevilsOfLoudun

(2 x2) innuendo\_overdose, nonchalantthoughts


---

**seanderlust** (7): not gonna lie, a little surprised to see this one in day 3! It feels like positions-era Ari with the drums and productions with just a touch of this dancier era she’s entered into.

**pbk** (4.5): this should work for me more since it is a cute simple ditty but it just does nothing for me. i would’ve easily dumped this from the tracklist for warm personally

---

**nooodisaster** (11): The best song ever created by human or non-human beings. From the first second of the fading laughter to her sigh to ""I don't care what people say/We both know I couldn't change you."" Oh I was never the same person. Like I could just copy and paste the lyrics of this song and you'd have to give it a 10 objectively. ""Hope you feel alright when you're in her"". LIKE!?! ""Deep breaths, tight chest, life death."" ""I've never seen someone lie like yo-"" I gotta stop bc I will just write the whole song. I know for a fact anyone who gives this less than a 10 cannot read, hear, or process data. The production one day will win a Noble Peace Prize. The little video game sound effect after ""Yet you played me like Atari""?? Somehow this song sounds so gentle and reverential yet cuts so deep it leaves you breathless. But the beat drops so severe I hit replay like it's a hot piece of ass. Now this will go out mid day 2, but that's not important-

**ahsweeknd** (10): I stand by the fact that this is her second best title track after Dangerous Woman

**Alumineous** (10): One of the best songs in this album, lyrically. I love that I did watch Spotless Mind years ago, so I got the metaphors and references immediately.

**buildingigloos** (10): it's giving nonsense

**DaHumanTorch** (10): runner up for my 11, this song is crack

**goro\_akechi\_apologist** (10): Absolutely LOVE how this one sounds, it's so sparkly and delicate

**hikk** (10): when she says atari and it bleepbloops 🙂‍↕️

**pig-serpent** (10): Nintendo Switch daughter vs. Atari daughter.  Love the Cry Me a River flip that has the sense to fade out and have the real hook be original content and the highlight of the song.  This is how interpolations are supposed to be done.  The bouncy riff during the verse makes this my favorite instrumental of the album too.

**runaway3212** (10): It's just so pretty

**sweetnsoursauce11** (10): a fan favourite for a reason!! we heard the trap beat kick in and knew cunty-ana was still in there

**wathombe** (10): smooth, groovy, and beautiful, all at once

**pheromenos** (9.5): great movie (i haven’t watched)

**UltimateTaco** (9.2): when you’re in her is wild

**1998tweety** (9): okayyy her nonsense serve

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (9): A film that I have somehow never seen. Popheads movie night?

**ConnerY2323** (9): when you’re in her is diabolical

**dreamingpastel** (9): If I simply ignore the jumpscare that is that one line in the chorus, then it's a fantastic song.

**EtenKillbeat** (9): nonsense's smarter and prettier cousin",6.0
mz7anwc,FlavaSavaVandal,I love (well hate/detest/despise) that LEVII's JEANS snuck it's way back into day 3,6.0
mz7amd7,seanderlust,"
# [#20: Ariana Grande - warm](https://imgur.com/a/Aw4NrLm)

---

**Average:** 7.603 **// Total Points:** 996.0 **// Controversy:** 1.824

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/zSg128J) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/H1wFQq66) 

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x2) BleepBloopMusicFan, kauai6

(10 x13) Alternative\_Yam\_2699, Alumineous, blankspacejrr, CrimsonROSET, doctypeppy, electricboogaloo41, FitzMarble, jirachi, n00bi3pjs, nt96, pbk, PSSST12, runaway3212

(9.7 x1) modulum83

(9.5 x1) Friendly-Canary-3814

(9.1 x1) RandomHypnotica

(9 x17) ahsweeknd, apatel27, asadprofessorplum, Awkward\_King, CarlieScion, darj, FreeCuddlesAnyone, guts\_spilled, ignitethephoenix, jaztinax, MasterWizardRyan, nooodisaster, raggedy-princess, Restless\_Dill16, Serious-Lake-1478, thedirtiestdish, welcome2thejam

(8.8 x1) ConnerY2323

(8.5 x7) belaalbuquerque, Dilemmaofahedgehog, Frajer, jackisboredtoday, Last\_Slide, omgthenerve, sweetnsoursauce11

(8.4 x1) DirtyRat583

(8.3 x2) DaHumanTorch, pheromenos


**Lowest Scores:**

(2 x4) card114, Content\_, IIIHenryIII, innuendo\_overdose

(1 x1) Sallynoraa


---

**pbk** (10): i love this song i really do think ari is at her best making simple, sweet love songs like this where there’s no need for complex lyricism or oversinging or an air of superiority, just cozy vibes and boppin

**seanderlust** (8): it’s nice, but ngl these next few tracks on the deluxe album i kind of zone out for

---

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (11): This deluxe track that she didn’t even push as a single is one of the best songs of her career. Don’t think I didn’t notice, girl!

**kauai6** (11): this song is absolute perfection, and has been at the top of my on repeat since its release because it's just THAT GOOD.

**Alumineous** (10): You know, as someone who is really independent, this song really hits home for me. We all have that person that just instantly makes us feel better, makes us laugh, makes us smile.

**blankspacejrr** (10): makes me feel like i'm dancing on a cloud

**CrimsonROSET** (10): that one Wendy Williams gif

**doctypeppy** (10): I got oscar gorres mixed up with oscar holter. Either way,

**n00bi3pjs** (10): This song is pop perfection

**PSSST12** (10): a cute bop. I see why it wasn't included in the original because even I don't know where to ruck this one in. .

**runaway3212** (10): Now this is such a beautiful song, I also very relate I fear it's bad for me

**modulum83** (9.7): why couldn't the actual album be like this

**RandomHypnotica** (9.1): britney global warming tweet

**ahsweeknd** (9): it’s good, definitely

**Awkward\_King** (9): pussybdfbdfsdfabffvvg

**CarlieScion** (9): this one was cute!

**FreeCuddlesAnyone** (9): sounds like a nice sunny day

**ignitethephoenix** (9): queen of not willing to be single

**nooodisaster** (9): ""I'll be higher than the exosphere"" B/c after the exosphere is outer space and she's finally holding SPACE for herself, Ariana Grande-Butera the lyricst you are!!

**thedirtiestdish** (9): fun

**welcome2thejam** (9): Ahhhh she said the thing!!!!

**ConnerY2323** (8.8): the way these bonus tracks actually kinda work as a mini album and not just a cash grab re-release…

**Dilemmaofahedgehog** (8.5): i will like you can really tell which songs max martin is on and i don't know that they're better for it. But the song makes me feel warm and soft hearted :)

**sweetnsoursauce11** (8.5): this has grown on me. it's a cute bop but one of the weakest on the album",2.0
mz7a3wd,seanderlust,"sorry, i'm still not over taylor only having two songs left!!! i'm getting depressed over it...",7.0
mz795uv,seanderlust,"# [#21: Beyonce - AMEN](https://imgur.com/a/gDAfU5D)

---

**Average:** 7.542 **// Total Points:** 988.0 **// Controversy:** 1.766

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/NJxKDYu) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/q2hrFd39)

---

**Highest scores:**

(10 x16) ahsweeknd, asadprofessorplum, avg-vag, bichonoturno, ChopperRCRG, CrimsonROSET, FitzMarble, innuendo\_overdose, kauai6, MasterWizardRyan, MikeOcks, nt96, Roxieloxie, runaway3212, SFbby, wathombe

(9.5 x2) ambitiousbulbasaur, DirtyRat583

(9.4 x1) jaztinax

(9 x18) akane, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, belaalbuquerque, blankspacejrr, BleepBloopMusicFan, Brilliant-Primary500, buildingigloos, ChrisAqua, electricboogaloo41, EtenKillbeat, Last\_Slide, n00bi3pjs, Nerfeveryone, nonchalantthoughts, Poydoo, Restless\_Dill16, team\_kockroach, thedirtiestdish

(8.9 x1) slimboyfriend

(8.6 x1) jman457

(8.5 x4) 1998tweety, cinnamonpretzel1989, TiltControls, wasian-invasion

(8.1 x1) emayzee


**Lowest Scores:**

(3 x1) AlternativelyListed

(2 x3) Content\_, Daydream1995Forever, itookyourmatches


---

**pbk** (5): why is this day 3 my god this boring ass limp noodle of an ending for an album with so much fun packed in it

---

**ahsweeknd** (10): I feel like this is what it would sound like for a soldier to come home from battlegrounds and realize thar their home nation is no better than the enemy

**asadprofessorplum** (10): This closing song being the sister to the amazing opening song is mastermind shit. Reprising the best verse in the album and ending with the Act III outro gives me chills every single time.

**CrimsonROSET** (10): you should have picked mercy

**innuendo\_overdose** (10): oh yeah this is the sort of random loop bullshit I love, we’re in closing genius territory. American Requiem kinda is the best song of all time

**nt96** (10): the ufo sounds…..somewhere in America, Mulder is breathing heavily, biting his lip with such fervor

**Roxieloxie** (10): Calling back to American Requiem, Amen servers as the epilogue of the album tying together the themes of reviving and reclaiming your history to make something Stronger and better for the future. Its both the end and start of a new cycle as the ending loops back into American requiem inviting you to relisten to the album with a new perspective and more context under your belt.

**runaway3212** (10): Another ender... this circling back to American Requiem, like what a great album

**wathombe** (10): Finally, B gently brings us down. This track makes me almost as emotional as JUST FOR FUN. And after the final note fades? We’re ready to start again with AMERIICAN REQUIEM. Just masterful.

**ambitiousbulbasaur** (9.5): Absolutely love closers that echo the opener, especially when the opener is such a banger. The lyrics are poignant here too, vowing that we'll all overcome the sins of our forefathers. I think that's an especially empowering message in a genre that is so often conflated with holding onto an ugly past. WHAT A PROJECTTTTT

**blankspacejrr** (9): solid reprise

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (9): As inconsistent as this album can be at times, this is a really great bowtie on the whole thing.

**Brilliant-Primary500** (9): a pretty good ending for the album, the connection it has with the opening song makes it even better.

**buildingigloos** (9): The parallels with American Requiem and how it transitions into I'm That Girl, her mind. Makes it feel a musical almost

**EtenKillbeat** (9): solid ending

**n00bi3pjs** (9): She outdid the Renaissance outro with this song.

**Nerfeveryone** (9): Gorgeous, powerful album closer.

**Poydoo** (9): AMEN

**team\_kockroach** (9): I’m really happy that Bey decided to end the album on a note of grandiose hope, and I think this reprise of the opener works beautifully.

**thedirtiestdish** (9): so good

**slimboyfriend** (8.9): wait this is kinda making me tear up

**jman457** (8.6): I love how it loops back to american requiem

**1998tweety** (8.5): good closer

**cinnamonpretzel1989** (8.5): I think it could be longer but it’s beautiful as is

**wasian-invasion** (8.5): the closing number of Sasha Fierce, the blockbuster beyonce jukebox musical that loses every award at the 2035 tonys to harry styles beck and adele's adaptation of cats",3.0
mz78uy9,seanderlust,Okay i think we need to pray for the safety of taylor...our father who art in heaven....,5.0
mz77xgk,seanderlust,"# [#22: Ariana Grande - intro (end of the world)](https://imgur.com/a/Xq6Mn4G)

---

**Average:** 7.464 **// Total Points:** 977.8 **// Controversy:** 1.695

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/zBR8MoI) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/h24EB9q1)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x1) emayzee

(10 x14) ahsweeknd, akane, blankspacejrr, ChrisAqua, DangerousPresent96, jirachi, Last\_Slide, MasterWizardRyan, MikeOcks, nooodisaster, PSSST12, runaway3212, Stryxen, sweetnsoursauce11

(9.5 x2) goorry121, jaztinax

(9 x13) Agreeable\_Pianist644, Alumineous, bran, ChopperRCRG, CrimsonROSET, electricboogaloo41, FitzMarble, guts\_spilled, ImADudeDuh, jasannn, Sallynoraa, TakeOnMeByA-ha, Upset\_syrup\_371

(8.5 x6) 1998tweety, avg-vag, Fair-Profile-8367, stealthamo, the tortured flava department, Turpamutteri

(8.4 x1) Poydoo


**Lowest Scores:**

(1 x1) itookyourmatches


---

**seanderlust** (8): i love the harmonies here. Also i’m sorry sometimes it is really hard to tell if you’re in “the right” relationship!!!

**pbk** (5): if the extended were rated i wouldve prob given this like an 8 but lets be real the rate is long enough

---

**emayzee** (11): i know im essentially throwing out my 11 on an intro but this song is so ethereal and gorgeous i can't not 11 it

**ahsweeknd** (10): i don’t understand how so many of her fans heard this song and thought it was a happy track.

**akane** (10): “if the moon went dark tonight, and if it all ended tomorrow, would I be the one on your mind?” is just such a cutting lyric that I can’t help but love it

**blankspacejrr** (10): she's at her best at this jazzy type of feely song.

**nooodisaster** (10): But actually this song deserves to win the rate

**PSSST12** (10): an 11 Contender OMG. May I say Arianas best actually, if this was a full song? ( We don't talk about the botched extended version)

**runaway3212** (10): Such a beautiful scene-setter for such a beautiful album

**Stryxen** (10): this shorter version is still so good, flawless intro no notes

**sweetnsoursauce11** (10): can't believe one of ariana's best tracks is barely 90 seconds long. rare moment a song deserved its tiktok virality

**CrimsonROSET** (9): god she sounds so ethereal

**ImADudeDuh** (9): why does she do intros so well

**jasannn** (9): i still can't tell if this is a love song or a break-up song

**Sallynoraa** (9): just a short sweet song but the lyrics touched me

**TakeOnMeByA-ha** (9): rating the extended version bc its much more of an actual song and is also just genuinely stunning to listen to

**1998tweety** (8.5): she always eats her intros

**stealthamo** (8.5): Yes I am a hopeless romantic, how did you know?

**the tortured flava department** (8.5): it's serving DVD Menu in the sense that one of the best songs on the album is just an intro

**Poydoo** (8.4): really cute

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (8): The extended version is fine, but I honestly think a minute and a half is a totally sufficient length for this pretty little intro.

**Brilliant-Primary500** (8): a pretty good opener for the song, the extended version made it even better the more I listened to it

**caaathyx** (8): I don't usually care much about intros and such, but this one is really good and really sets the tone for the album

**IIIHenryIII** (8): beautiful

**modulum83** (8): wow this is nice! i hope the album will stay this soulful and self-aware and heartfelt the whole way through!

**nonchalantthoughts** (8): the extended version is so much better

**Roxieloxie** (8): she sounds really pretty here

**thedirtiestdish** (8): the extended version really elevated this for me

**Verboten\_Prince** (8): Normally short interludes (or intros in this case) get low scores from me but somehow she managed to inject pure magic into only a minute and a half

**wasian-invasion** (8): never stop doing these understated gorgeous intros (we dont remember shut up)

**wathombe** (8): a playfully succinct intro with a few nice vocal riffs

**ambitiousbulbasaur** (7.8): Love love love the strings here. A great album opener. Really sets a mood.

**Ambrosia42** (7.5): just a pretty intro to the sound and themes of album

**jman457** (7.5): cute lil beginning, but wish it was longer

**oh\_crow** (7.5): really nice and groove-y opener",3.0
,,,
mz1i7gr,PrydefulHunts,People are upset that a puerto rican artist is speaking on an issue affecting Puerto Rico?,944.0
mz1ko0b,lonely_coldplay_stan,"Imagine trying to deport people from Puerto Rico when it isn't even a STATE

Fuck Ice",526.0
mz1u518,ministan,"not just on ice &amp; raids in puerto rico, but even tourists wanting to find bug spray to kill the coquis that are local to pr only (and hawai’i) because it’s ruining their sleep. 

to tourists going into forbidden areas on purpose, settlers trying to buy pieces of the BEACH, trying to say that the locals can’t go to the beach on their land when in pr the beach is for everyone. 

as a prican it’s wild to see so many people praising his new album, TAKING puertorican sounds for their music, but then see the disrespect to the island itself.",225.0
mz1mmpj,naltedturf,why are the comments so low..?,109.0
mz1sfo2,DilemmaOfAHedgehog,"Its so important to talk about, similarly (if different as one user highlighted immigrant groups being harassed in PR) reminds me of indigenous nations in the US having to navigate being harassed by ICE that refuses to even respect tribal id before even considering how indigenous peoples should not have to justify or defend being on their own land. 

No one is illegal on stolen land!",63.0
mz1ksay,Next_Gen_Valkyrie,And this is why I love bad bunny,81.0
mz1qknz,nt96,"Nothing but a bunch, dick deprived, shit-lickers who can’t even spell Puerto Rico, let alone find it on a map even if Apartheid Clyde and Gangrene Tangerine pointed it out with their little cheetos.


Hand me a *PLAHT-TAHN-NOE*, and I’ll draw it in crayons telling you where you can stick it.




- a Puerto Rican",53.0
mz22rba,HausOfMajora,"I hope this sets a precedent for all Latino Americans,Inmigrants and other racial groups in the states to never again give their vote to the Republicans. They hate us and don't deserve anything good from us.",39.0
mz2ezgr,CarolinaPanthers2015,"Well, everyone can get mad all they want over Bad Bunny choosing to speak up after getting word that ICE is in Puerto Rico conducting raids.  But, um, at the end of the day, it sure as hell is his own right to speak up.  So um......yeah.  He's really just ain't wrong here, ya'll.  Time for ICE to put this madness to sleep and let the Latinx community live their own lives in peace once and for all.",9.0
n0pcfp2,MinuteAct6119,Hitler ,1.0
n0pcg9x,MinuteAct6119,Hitler ,1.0
n0pchxy,MinuteAct6119,Chicago Hitler ,1.0
mz1frix,[deleted],[removed],-195.0
,,,
mzaeoiq,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mzagdu7,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Apple Music]: [Jeffrey Chan - Boys Like Us - EP](https://music.apple.com/us/album/boys-like-us-ep/1817619439 ""Confidence: 94%"")

\[Deezer]: [Jeffrey Chan - Boys Like Us](https://www.deezer.com/album/764959281 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [Jeffrey Chan - Boys Like Us](https://soundcloud.com/jeffreychanmusic/sets/boys-like-us ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=jeffrey%20chan%20boys%20like%20us) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/Jeffrey+Chan+boys+like+us) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=Jeffrey+Chan+boys+like+us&amp;item_type=a) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/jeffrey%20chan%20boys%20like%20us/album) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/albums?q=jeffrey+chan+boys+like+us) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=Jeffrey+Chan+boys+like+us) || [YouTube](https://youtube.com/results?search_query=Jeffrey+Chan+boys+like+us&amp;sp=EgIQAw%25253D%25253D) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=Jeffrey+Chan+boys+like+us)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
mz74m0t,drewtangclan,Saw them last night at Chicago Pride Fest and they absolutely KILLED it!,3.0
mzajkfm,Ashestoashesjc,"Oh dang I've never seen them live, I love I Can't Lose You",2.0
mz363i2,messrm00ny1,getting slimed? gnarly.,328.0
mz3mbv8,bkrocks29,cameras trying to cut to the wideview when they were twerking and virtually failing both times had me kicking my feet. but they ate that performance up,166.0
mz3i8ke,aleisate843,Their prophecy has been fulfilled. They’re the first girl group since Fifth Harmony to be slimed. They’re definitely their successors and I see their domination incoming.,266.0
mz3qets,queeenbarb,Horrible camera work,74.0
mz3n34u,5SOStimesadness,Maybe I’m just chronically offline but i literally didn’t know until this morning while looking on Netflix for something to watch that they were created in part by the same people who put together bts,93.0
mz3mjx4,average_waffle,What does it say that the PC music aesthetic made it the kids choice awards?,51.0
mz3siyl,PotatoFrosty3149,Dani just being so happy about getting slimed lol,26.0
mz3lac1,Expensive_Drummer970,they are about to be the new big girl group. this is going to only keep catching on ,39.0
mz3d6j1,lovelypeaches200,This performance was soooo gnarly!!! Especially getting slimed,35.0
mza6ssn,chia_fei,not manon jabbing megan's butt i...,4.0
mz3985m,bitchinthebag,And not one microphone was on..,73.0
mz3lwp8,boomboomrey,This choreo is so sick,25.0
mz63fyc,toosillytoogoofy,"Loved the performance, their energy is always at 100! Hope Megan was okay after being slimed tho, she looked like she was hyperventilating",3.0
mz89zdw,NoYoghurt8083,I cannot put into words how much I despise this song lol,4.0
mz3zz5o,uncanny_mac,"lyrics are changed for this performance, right?",2.0
mz3fsfb,CataleyaLuna,The stickers on the screen are so obnoxious. I can’t believe they still slime people it seems cringe.,-21.0
mz75bb2,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mz7eftv,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Apple Music]: [Only Fire - HUNNY (feat. DETO BLACK)](https://music.apple.com/us/album/hunny-feat-deto-black/1820470758 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [Only Fire - HUNNY (feat. DETO BLACK)](https://www.deezer.com/track/3413844971 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [Only Fire - HUNNY (feat. DETO BLACK)](https://soundcloud.com/onlyfire/hunny-feat-deto-black ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=only%20fire%20deto%20black%20hunny) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/Only+Fire+hunny) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=Only+Fire+hunny&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/only%20fire%20feat.%20deto%20black%20hunny/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=only+fire+feat.+deto+black+hunny) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=Only+Fire+hunny) || [YouTube](https://youtube.com/results?search_query=Only+Fire+hunny) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=Only+Fire+hunny)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
mzs047n,Da-Gay-Agenda,I enjoy some of their songs but the robot voice doesn’t lend itself to having every song being a 10/10,1.0
mz5hu3p,Apprehensive_Lab4178,"I was hoping she’d do a limited tour when she announced a new album. She’s my mom’s favorite artist of all time but I wasn’t able to afford two tickets to see her back when she toured more regularly. I finally have Barbra Streisand money, but no Barbra Streisand concert 😩",20.0
mz59zza,Big-Explanation-831,She does but it’s not been the same since the 80s,10.0
mz8g029,BadMan125ty,Okay I don’t see the point of mentioning that since she won’t tour given her advanced age.,-2.0
mzavfoe,Hopeful_Book,"Oh good, we're starting back up with the ""why isn't (insert artist here) popular anymore?"" Posts.",5.0
mz9cyo7,Astrid323,"I might've become obsessed with the Boys Like Girls remix of TWICE's I Can't Stop Me. I never would've thought those 2 would collab, but they did and it fucking slaps! They took an amazing song, and somehow made it made it even better. Well to me at least. Martin sounds awesome and his voice with Nayeon, Jihyo, and especially Jeongyeon was great! Also this might be heresy, but I think I might like Martin's 2nd verse more than the original's. Don't get me wrong, the original 2nd verse is great, but something about the lyrics, flow, and especially Martin's vocal delivery really scratches my brain all the right places. It's addicting and I may have replayed that part like 10-15 times lol. ",5.0
mz99a3j,ambitiousbulbasaur,"Now as I keep the Miley albums I hadn't heard before in a rotation together, and experience them more thoroughly, I have to say -- Milky Milky Milk has to be a contender for her worst song. It's... just plainly unpleasant to hear LOL",3.0
mz997te,DilemmaOfAHedgehog,Need everyone to be ashamed of nationalism and way more anti military stat,9.0
mz98dro,FakeMonaLisa28,I actually am scared that I’m gonna fail my English class cause I had a lot of missing assignments for that class that I can’t turn in but I get good grades on the things I do turn in,6.0
mz94v9n,acey255,Where would yall rank current male pop artists vocally? I was thinking that despite the hate Benson Boone gets I think he’s one of the better vocalists the scene has had in a while idk if that’s a hot take 😭.,4.0
mz8zkmq,bespectacIed,"it's my first time listening to any song from tortured eardrums since release week, pity stream from the rate massacre... she kinda left edtwt for a while with guilty as sin, like woaah. A tiny nibble. I have to acknowledge.",-3.0
mz8t2na,Beginning_Bake_6924,Charles Leclerc and Lewis Hamilton is the hottest F1 out there,6.0
mz8pfzf,ginganinja2507,They should let me log individual episodes of ER on letterboxd,7.0
mz8n02w,oOWalkingOnAirOo,"*Were you writing some book*

*were you a sleeper cell spy?*

I don’t want to be a part of the James Bond novel.  I never agreed to this!",1.0
mz8mylf,Straight-Meaning,I find it interesting people act like snark subreddits are like a cool and regular thing to be on. Like you don’t think it’s a little weird to spend that much mental energy on someone you hate.,25.0
mz8bxdw,FakeMonaLisa28,"Once I’m done with failing my classes I will make my magnum opus- The Taylor Swift version of the Thomas Jefferson Miku Binder Meme

No I do not love myself",10.0
mz83664,ambitiousbulbasaur,Y'all I made significant progress on my chores this weekend 🙏 dysfunction whomst???,4.0
mz81haw,oOWalkingOnAirOo,"“ it took me a while to figure out why I like this music but then I realized ,it’s because it’s about nothing”. 🙃🙃🙃

Thank you TikTok. Never change.",1.0
mz7ymwg,nicfatale,"When I watched 28 Years Later, I managed to get a seat towards the front because it was so packed. You all know that gif/reaction video of Dafoe just looking up, panicked? I’m pretty sure that was my face when THAT character was just…waving around lmao. I’m trying to stay vague for spoiler reasons but damn! ",7.0
mz7xni5,Geene877,"That jack harlow and doja song really flopped, huh. Kinda forgot it even existed.",12.0
mz7vxh9,Agitated-Prune9635,"Why are Brazilian game devs cooking so hard? Literally keep finding out that my favorite indie games have been coming from there.


Also i thought i feared nothing....but deathclaw fetishist and femboy link....they scare me",1.0
mz7ssub,KaiBishop,What if you could but you did but you do but you wouldn't??? Anybody else?,3.0
mz7sdpa,kerriekipje,song of the day and 173rd addition to my 2025 playlist is **Marilyn Monroe by Nicki Minaj.** this was stuck in my head today? literally the most random song ever 😭,10.0
mz7q8b9,DisastrousKelper,"Just to like bring my bad week to an end, I accidentally dropped a glass and cut my foot (all I wanted was some summer fruits squash 😭) 

I have, however, finished my laundry and my Sunday reset, with the exception of my bedroom which I will do before work tomorrow bc I’ve been awake since 5am on v little sleep bc of yesterday’s heat, and I know Monday isn’t the start of my work week but I really do love starting my week off with a clean place and with all of my washing back in my wardrobe",6.0
mz7mtq2,leavingthekultbehind,Ooo that sub is tearing Miley apart for that meet and greet 😭😭😭,14.0
mz7htbt,turningtee74,"Any more songs that fit the vibe of this playlist I’m making? Early 2010s-ish era joyful bops by not main pop girls-


1. Want U Back- Cher Lloyd
2. Shower- Becky G
3. Crazy Youngsters- Ester Dean
4. Domino- Jessie J
5. American Girl- Bonnie McKee
6. All in my Head (Flex)- Fifth Harmony 
7. Dancing Crazy- Miranda Cosgrove",3.0
mz7higd,NewAccountNow,Morning hike and afternoon hike people are different breeds and I like morning 10/10 times,4.0
mz7eqph,backupsaway,"After struggling to learn chopsticks with my right hand, I have finally decided to give in with using my left where I finally got the hang of it. Being ambidextrous has its perks sometimes but it can be a pain if you're trying something new.",4.0
mz7e6of,TF-Fanfic-Resident,"Can we please just ban apps and mobile internet that isn't Web-based? I just got ready to go to an offline social event only to discover that they changed the location and didn't tell anyone unless you had an app for the event. I'm thinking of entering the next Dem primary in my hometown on a platform of ""outlaw app bloat and actually bother to notify people on the open Internet or stick to the fucking date and time on the poster goddamnit.""

Starting to really like China because at least they have a 5% chance of implementing policies that are good for society but piss off the ruling class and/or are unpopular in the short run. As opposed to the ""democratic West"" where you have a less than 1% chance of actually seeing center-left policies get implemented.",5.0
mz7bbvg,TigerFern,"There is a weird double standard for Lorde. I guess because she's still not *materially* too far out from her 'peak' even if it was a decade ago.

But it's odd seeing her get away with stuff I know people would rip other artist to shreds for. Can anyone imagine Marina putting out a song with the lyric ""*Don't know if it's love or if it's ovulation*"" ? No one would let that pass without a comment! There'd be essays about how bad, out of touch, even offensive it is. 

But with Lorde everyone is just pontificating. We're just supposed to take her seriously for some reason. 

(note I haven't even listened to Marina's latest because I just don't care that much lol but people are overly mean to her!) 

Like at leat Marina still sings her ass off. Lorde doesn't even sing anymore she's just whispering/grunting out the lyrics.",7.0
mz79f2o,Fragrant_Sort_8245,watching silent films is really a test in someone’s patience imo,3.0
mz73pss,HowDoIWhat,"Attended a show yesterday, for an artist other people recommended to me.

I think the acoustics of the venue meant that the closer you were to the stage, the harder it was to hear the actual artist. I started up front (like, way front) then moved to the way back after a couple songs.

(It was the Lodge Room at Highland Park, if anyone has experience with that venue?)

The show itself was all right, performer was highly energetic. Not sure if they were totally my thing, but I liked his energy. I didn’t know the venue had an up charge for day of show tickets though, I shoulda locked in earlier. Coulda saved $7.50, that’s parking and train money, baby.",1.0
mz73mi2,cosmicsuperstargirl,"i know i promised myself not to comment on us politics but am i the only one who thinks its weird that lorde, a citizen of nz is asking people to go vote in an election on the other side of the planet? like i get that she probably feels some sense of attachment to the city and wants the best for it but it's so weird because you'd never see someone like idk sabrina carpenter asking people to go vote in an election in south korea or something",-8.0
mz71jzv,mynameistoo_common,"Can yall give me advice on how to be confident and assertive? I’m on my surgery rotation in med school and I really want to do well, but I’m a high introversion/high anxiety person with ADHD and chronic fatigue. I find it so hard to speak up for myself and try to get noticed. 

I want to make sure that the residents and doctors see that I’m interested and genuinely want to learn as much as possible (despite being absolutely exhausted). What sucks is ON TOP of the social anxiety and low self esteem is that I have a naturally neutral expression and monotone voice. When I’m not tired, I work on consciously modulating my tone and making sure I have facial expressions instead of reading like 🫤 

but after 5 hours or so, it’s like I run out of energy to do anything but passively exist and not collapse onto the floor… which is NOT how to do anything in a rotation. Especially surgery, which is typically 12-14 hour days for me.

I’ve also been putting off replying to my friends’ messages because I’m so fucking tired after, which I feel absolutely horrible about and I feel like 15% of my brain is in a constant spiral on if I’ll have any friends left by the time I finish my rotations. 

I’m so jealous of people who are high-energy, extroverted, and/or are neurotypical. 

Any advice from people who work in high-interaction jobs or have high-mental/physical/emotional demands would be helpful, especially if you’re neurodivergent or have chronic fatigue!! 🫶",5.0
mz709mt,loneiver,We Were Liars???... I'm so 🥲😩,3.0
mz6zn2v,Serious-Lake1478,"I can't stop listening to Revelation, what a stunning album. I don't even remember how I first came across their collaboration, Spotify must have recommended ""The Hero"" at some point, but I feel so grateful for the algorithm for once.",7.0
mz6yb5u,chiweenie4ever,I finished my quilt!!!!! Yes it looks like shit but I can finally put my sewing supplies and machine away,8.0
mz6y061,HyaluronicFlaccid,"Lorde has endorsed Zohran Mamdani in the NYC Mayoral Primary Election! On her IG story. 

##If you live in NYC, are a registered Democrat, and haven’t voted yet - you have til 5PM today to get to your early voting poll site! 

There is no voting on Monday, and Election Day on Tuesday is during a heat wave! 

So go out ASAP, grab your friends and roommates and family members, and **vote Zohran Mamdani #1 and Brad Lander #2 for a NYC everyone can afford.**

And fill out the rest of your ballot with ANYONE BUT CUOMO!!! ***No more sex pests in office!!!***",17.0
mz6xizt,thiique,sometimes i like to ACT like a crazed beyonce fan...then I have to ask myself if the clown makeup is really makeup,5.0
mz6xik1,stillhavehope99,"My cringiest trait is I have an earnest soft spot for Inspirational Pop Anthems. 🤣🤣🤣

Girl on Fire by Alicia Keys, Beautiful by Christina Aguilera, Fucking Perfect by P!nk, Pretty Hurts by Beyoncé, Skyscraper by Demi Lovato, you get the picture.

I know a lot of these songs are very syrupy and probably written with a younger target audience in mind but 🤷‍♀️ Girl on Fire comes on the radio while I'm busy at work and I'm like ""SO TRUEEEEE""",12.0
mz6vivn,EM208,"You know what? I’m so sick of the Victoria Justice slander. Even when some of y’all compliment her, it’s backhanded😭

She’s talented, she has a great voice, she has the charisma. I feel like lower voices don’t get appreciation as much, especially hers. She had and still has range dawg. She honestly did have the talent to lead. I honestly just feel like if she did more songs in vein of Sara Bareilles or Jazz or R&amp;B, it would’ve fared better as her voice suits those genres more.

And no, I’m not JUST defending her because I’ve been ridiculously attracted her for nearly 20 years.",9.0
mz6uw3t,DisastrousKelper,"I managed to rip my work jeans fml 😭 

I only got these ones like six months ago, and I really don’t want to get another new pair 😞",3.0
mz6qpm0,SongOfStorms11,"Yesterday I did a morning hike, went to the farmer's market (where a CBD lemonade gave me a massive headache), watched a movie, and got drinks with a friend. It made me so happy.

Especially the movie! It was Eat Drink Man Woman, by Ang Lee who did Life of Pi and Brokeback Mountain. I am such a sucker for a movie about food or love and this had both!! It was such a fun time. So many good moments, great quotes, twists and turns, and the food looked sooooo good.",7.0
mz6qowq,[deleted],"Does anybody here prefer to first listen to an album more at a background level while doing something else? I almost always do this, then go more in detail on later listens. I feel the music is too overwhelming during a first listen for me so it could easily be too much to take in depending on my mood, and browsing the web helps me go through it and enjoy it without having to put too much thought in it. Then later listens are way easier to do on a more analytical level due to having already familiarized with it.",6.0
mz6pxme,Bikinigirlout,"5 Favorite books of the year so far 

1. Nobody in Particular by Sophie Gonzales 

2. Out on a limb by Hannah Bonam Young

3. First Time Caller by BK Borrison

4. Love of my afterlife by Kristy Greenwood

5. Sunrise on the Reaping by Suzanne Collins",5.0
mz6p0ua,untitledmanuscript,decided not to audition for a local music BUT also decided to get a little more serious about my writing bc one life goal i have is publishing a novel so yeah! i have lots of ideas but two of them have been on my mind for the last few years and both are arguably important in our current landscape.,2.0
mz6mk8x,Restless_Dill16,"I've been on quite the journey with Tayvis. I went from finding being annoying because of the initial media blitz (ketchup and seemingly ranch made me irrationally angry), to loving it, to being a hater, to being indifferent, to now loving it again. Every time I see photos of Taylor and Travis on the pop culture chat subreddit, I get a dose of serotonin. ",2.0
mz6lu65,ItsGotThatBang,I stubbed my toe 😑,5.0
mz6kzxu,cloudbustingmp3,and if i said [this](https://youtu.be/J-bEGflpV9k?si=Dir9eyp2v_9tAZGb) deserves the next music video Grammy (or at least a nomination) but they’re too biased to recognize kpop beyond token nominations of the biggest act for fan engagement,11.0
mz6kxyc,hennybee,"I saw a post about this woman talking with ChatGPT and how it had a “personality” similar to hers, and people in the comments were all talking about the different “personalities” their ChatGPTs have and I’m just like 😐

can we not normalize this like…it’s weird",32.0
mz6j7xi,invisibilitycap,Seeing Phineas and Ferb on my timeline again because of the new season makes me so happy. What a special show,6.0
mz6iywq,EJB515,"All week I’ve been thinking about [this news story](https://youtu.be/cFRuiVw4pKs) about a guy who proposed to his AI chatbot girlfriend. (Seemingly before proposing to his human partner who gave birth to his human child.)

And him saying, that he’s not sure he would quit his AI partner if his irl partner asked him to. 

I genuinely hope this human woman frees herself from this situation.",16.0
mz6hw8y,Beginning_Bake_6924,charles leclerc.,8.0
mz6gisg,[deleted],[excluído],2.0
mz6g6lb,Ghost-Quartet,Haven't been commenting here because I've been staying up until 3am playing [*Promise Mascot Agency*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-dMKhSYfIM) so I've been sleeping past when the post goes up T_T but I finally beat it so now I can reclaim what little life I had before.,5.0
mz6ezkg,kimpernickel,Noooo Ordinary is playing in this Verizon store while I wait to trade-in our old phones,7.0
mz6egm5,racloves,"Woke up late ate a bowl of cereal, call me Charli xcx",6.0
mz6c757,DisastrousKelper,"My 6-day work week has turned into an 8-day and I just worked through the heatwave so I am a v tired barista 

Also what the fuck happened to saying “please” and “thank you” and “excuse me”??? Customers have been especially rude this weekend for like no reason it’s the worst 

I need them to stop putting all their rubbish in their half drank lattes too bc I’m the one who has to deal with that soggy mess when I do the dishes like you’re not helping anyone by doing that just leave it DRY on the table if you’re gonna do that and not walk two steps to the bins",7.0
mz6b2s3,cosmicsuperstargirl,"last week was a *he stole our youth and promised heaven* week for me, so i guess this week is a *the men start wars yet troy hates helen* kinda week",9.0
mz6abt4,PlantDadro,Kinda sad seeing the leftists proudly declare themselves as communists while the heads of said leftist movements are ALREADY just a bunch of opportunists,0.0
mz6aati,cosmicsuperstargirl,can someone tell me why i have to log in to discogs every single time i wanna check some stuff in my collection,2.0
mz690o8,Rdickins1,"I’m so proud of myself for not stopping to get breakfast on the way home from the gym 2 weeks in a row. Now if I could only have the same discipline during the week when I go after work. And I’m contemplating getting pizza for dinner tonight. 

Swapping budgeting apps have been the best thing I’ve done all year. I realized how much wiggle room to do stuff I want to do and pay off debt. I mean it felt good seeing $1500 knocked off my car loan balance and able to get new workout shoes stressed free. Honestly I think I’ll be doing this method for the long term and in the future. I’m telling you YNAB actually helped me out so much.",4.0
mz67sgi,SevenZero770,When you find a subreddit for one of your niche interests (fanfic) but the sub turns out to be extremely hateful and openly mocks comments and works from other people in a popular website that is not very beginner friendly: ರ⁠╭⁠╮⁠ರ,11.0
mz67li0,mcatlin23,I am very sad how much I did not like the Materialists. It was soulless garbage imo and I can’t believe the same person is responsible for Past Lives.,1.0
mz67dmc,oOWalkingOnAirOo,I forgot to get bananas before the heat wet index went crazy. Now I’m bananaless :(,5.0
mz66bkb,Bikinigirlout,"Why are like half the PLL cast coming out to defend Ezra on their 15 year anniversary. 

Ian Harding hates his own character and calls him a pedo every chance he gets.",9.0
mz65pov,JORDY_NELSONS_ASS,"I survived the Japanese Breakfast show!!

It was indeed super hot, and I was sweating from some interesting places, but I stayed hydrated and ate some food and made it home in one piece. The show was awesome - Michelle said they’d just gotten off a 14 hour flight from South Korea, but even with that plus the heat they were so high energy and fun. 

Then after the show, got a slab of mac and cheese pizza and caught a little bit of Yung Gravy as we were walking out. God bless Summerfest.",14.0
mz64jjt,mustwinfullGaming,Just listened to Benson Boone's new album and...yikes. It feels like it was severely half cooked. I liked his previous project a decent amount but this feels like a big step down sadly.,5.0
mz62u07,cloudbustingmp3,call me TBH the way my Tummy Be Hurting,15.0
mz62i6z,blu-brds,"I was scheduled to go to a yoga class this afternoon, but I spent half my day in a car yesterday and I have grocery shopping/meal prepping to do as well today so I may just do the grocery/meal stuff and switch to a class tomorrow.

That also means I can watch more of We Were Liars. And MAYBE even dust off the Switch and play some games (even though pretty much all I pay is the N64 games because they're pure nostalgia for me).

I'm extremely concerned about what's going on in the world, and I know it's bad to stick my head in the sand but right now in the moment if I don't try to find something peaceful in the little life I live right now I'll go insane from worrying about where it goes from here.",5.0
mz611z2,AtomicViolet,"Between my office at work being the only spot where theres no a/c and my bedroom too far away from the unit to really get any cooling from it I have been slowly roasting alive this week

For those who've seen them should I prioritize seeing Materialists or 28 Years Later (or should I just skip em both and go see Brokeback Mountain for the first time)",6.0
mz60z4k,blushdreams445,ALSO THERE IS A PROFESSIONAL SOFTBALL LEAGUE CALLED AUSL!!!! 🥎 (athletes unlimited softball league) give them all of ur views,6.0
mz60typ,blushdreams445,"Also LSU beat Coastal Carolina in Game 1 of the Men’s College World Series. Apparently, Coastal lost game 1 of the World Series and came back to win the series in 2016 so I’m hoping they can do it again. Game 2 is today at 2:30pm. If LSU wins, then LSU are the Men’s College World Series Champions.",5.0
mz60l0g,blushdreams445,Rafael Devers is 30/30 in hitting home runs against teams. He has hit a home run against every single MLB team!,1.0
mz60fr0,Latrans_,"Participated on my first community day since I started playing pokemon go again after a couple of years, and it was fun. I managed to catch two shinies without leaving my home.",11.0
mz5znrq,backupsaway,"I love my sister but the way she handles her clothes is killing me. 

She gave me another bag of clothes to go through before donating them since her body has changed after working out a lot. More than once had I come across an outfit whose main issue is that she managed to rip the invisible zipper from its seam. Another thing I've noticed is that some are nowhere the size of her body meaning that she purchased them online without double checking the size. I can't complain much because a lot of the clothes fit me which saves me a lot of money even with repairing the torn zippers.",3.0
mz5z7y0,Fair-Profile-8367,"It kinda sucks when you realise you’re not as big of a fan of an artist as you used to be. I've been a fan of Sabrina since her debut and over the last year I've found myself drifting. I noticed it earlier this year but despite all the conversation about her upcoming album, I'm not really excited for it. (Nothing to do with the cover!) I liked Short n' Sweet but I've found myself caring less since its release. I went to the tour, and I was really excited since I've never managed to get tickets for her before, but I didn't have much fun. I like Manchild and I will still listen to her and the album when it comes out. I'm just not as passionate about her as I used to be.",15.0
mz5vuue,AutoModerator,"Please do not just list songs/albums/artists, your comment must have explanation/justification or it will be removed. Certain comments are also banned to increase the quality of discussion, see our Stale Topics list in the sidebar for examples. Please report any comments that are low effort discussion. Thanks!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mz6egri,pinkfartlek,"This misses releases sometimes. For example, Kesha released a song with slayyyter and rose grey and I don't see it here. Also missing the new Katseye song and video",3.0
mz5vvfc,subredditsummarybot,"If you would like this roundup sent to your reddit inbox every week [send me a message with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=subredditsummarybot&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=x). Or if you want a daily roundup, [use the subject 'popheads daily'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=subredditsummarybot&amp;subject=popheads%20daily&amp;message=x) (&lt;--Click one of the links. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message). 

#####Please let me know if you have suggestions to make this roundup better for /r/popheads or if there are other subreddits that you think I should post in. I can search for posts based off keywords in the title, URL and flair - sorted by upvotes, \# of comments, or awards. And I can also find the top comments overall or in specific threads.",1.0
mz75zyv,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Spotify]: [Kings Elliot - The Promise](https://open.spotify.com/track/1kybBeFkZLhwkEDipwQWVL ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Apple Music]: [Kings Elliot - The Promise](https://music.apple.com/us/album/the-promise/1812093697 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [Kings Elliot - The Promise](https://www.deezer.com/track/3401800431 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [Kings Elliot - The Promise](https://soundcloud.com/kingselliot/the-promise ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/search/kings%20elliot%20the%20promise) || [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=kings%20elliot%20the%20promise) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/kings+elliot+the+promise) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=kings+elliot+the+promise&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/kings%20elliot%20the%20promise/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=kings+elliot+the+promise) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=kings+elliot+the+promise) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=kings+elliot+the+promise)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
mz3r2cv,AutoModerator,"**Please do not comment on just the scores without any further explanation. Comments that refer only to whether the score too high or low, or are along similar lines will be removed**

Please report any comments that are low effort discussion. Thanks!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mz3wgyv,pedicabo_vos,this was such a great piece of writing. talk whatever shit you want about pitchfork—their sunday review series is really wonderful and has put me on to so much great music history,39.0
mz5b34m,EJB515,"Someone asked yesterday if music criticism even matters anymore. And I think reviews like this are why. 

I’ve never heard of him before, and now I’m gonna try to find his work.",12.0
mz4xx3m,VapidRapidRabbit,"&gt; As he pranced and sang about keeping your coochie clean, the audience chanted back every word. Then, it exploded. “When I turned around and lifted up my little jacket and they saw my ass hanging out, it was like, Oh my God,” he laughed.

&gt;In that ass, they heard the revolution.


LMAO. Quite the write-up. 😂",10.0
mz6bo1k,seferlabell,Perfect for pride celebrations this week- found this album on YouTube. The fact that this came out in 2002 is insane,4.0
mz6zgc8,anna160895,"Aaron-Carl &amp; Peter Barclay are my two most interesting discoveries recently about the history of black queer musicians, and it's so sad to think about how they could almost become forgotten and lost in shuffle due to being so ahead of their time with their innovative left-field sound to reflect and embrace both of their queerness and blackness in their lifetime.",2.0
mz28zbf,coltsmetsfan614,"""Anniversary"" lmao",44.0
mz274wu,TheSeedsYouSow,What an interesting career arc she’s had,27.0
mz2yhr1,Ghost-Quartet,"I was gonna remove this as a troll post until I looked it up and confirmed that she was actually 40... she doesn't give off that vibe at all, in my mind she's still this young waifish thing.",81.0
mz46i9k,webtheg,"Happy Birthday Lana, please make Dan Auerbach produce your next album",17.0
mz2lniu,FoelRose,"From laughing stock to bonafide living legend, the accomplishments of this woman are so incredible considering some of the maligned criticisms she had on her debut. I remember finding out about her on Hipster Runoff as a running gag and then delved into Born To Die... life-changing moment for teeny bopper me.

Lana only gets better with age. God willing, she'll be in her 70s crooning on the grammys stage and getting standing ovations",29.0
mz21edx,C1nnamonLover,"My favorite artist ever, honestly her music has touched me in a way no one’s ever has or will. She is truly a legend. My favorite albums are NFR, BTD, and Honeymoon. She has influenced mindset and fashion tremendously and I just love her so much!!! Happy birthday :)❤️",14.0
mz6tx61,layla_jones_,Happy bday Lana I hope you and the gators in the backyard are having a great day 🧡✨,3.0
mz28op3,ChrisAqua,She loves her fans like a woman.,4.0
mz4u8ww,friendsofmine2001,"I love her so much! God bless her, hope she has a great day",2.0
myxq8iw,gf_for_the_weekend,end of an era that’s crazy,873.0
myxsw51,billie_eyelashh,Comeback single will destroy billboard for sure.,777.0
myxv10x,latenightdoubt,"Wow, im so ready for the next chapter. I really hope they work with some new people and have fun.",203.0
myxtxvw,spencerlevey,TIL they were in the army and not in the studio.,331.0
myxw0o6,satirisanti,I remember them being enlisted like yesterday 😭,124.0
myzumyh,nogoofystankhoe,bts done with military before gta6 is crazy,44.0
myy7e5m,Cakeliver12887,BTS summer here we come,144.0
myy8lz6,BeginningReview3959,welcome back kings,100.0
myy0g7h,THROW-MY-WAY,I am literally so happy 🥹feels so good to have them all back together again!,56.0
myy0uew,sinkingcar,"Finally Suga is discharged, he was in there for 600+ days...

Welcome back 🎊",73.0
myy8n29,sailor134340,Chapter 3 is officially on ✨,55.0
myyfqsw,yf9292,we are SO back,50.0
myykha2,Alto-Joshua1,I'm ready for the next chapter.,31.0
myyl2et,ifitsonlyme,LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO,39.0
mz03f9g,Astrid323,Really excited for what they'll release! I never really know what to expect from them which makes checking out their music to be pretty exciting.,20.0
myylry9,relientkenny,they’re gonna be the first boyband in history to take a break and ACTUALLY come back,112.0
mz08drt,Ghetto_Leda99,"I cant believe the enlistment period is finally over. I am so grateful for the amount of work that they have put in, releasing 11 albums despite the time constraints on top of the singles and multiple collabs, the solo tours, the music documentaries and the variety contents while also preparing for enlistment couldn't have been easy but they still have done that. I cant wait to see what this new chapter brings and how they will navigate everything without the impending enlistment hanging over their heads.",22.0
mz0omkv,Stylerer,My mom just fell on her knees (she's a bts stan),22.0
myyvsjw,Prior_Assist3356,Waiting impatiently for new music.,17.0
myyvmud,drlqnr,owadio congrats boys,6.0
myxrpf8,Consistent-Plum107,A collab with Black pink hopefully,-47.0
myybpb4,[deleted],[excluído],-15.0
myyuh5i,[deleted],[removed],-37.0
myzxp9f,[deleted],[removed],-5.0
myzyeo7,aspacemanlikeme,"Mayhem and Princess of Power will definitely be battling it out for my Album of the Year, but special mention to Eternal Sunshine Deluxe for Twilight Zone alone...

Honestly, this year might not be as packed as last year, but I've loved getting back into the artists of my youth: Gaga, Marina and Lorde particularly.",286.0
myzzgn4,Purple-Afternoon-655,"I still have Mayhem on repeat! The new Miley album is also fantastic and I’m really enjoying the new HAIM album as well (it’s only been out for a day, but I had a few listens and I’m hooked)",192.0
mz02nhd,[deleted],[removed],66.0
myzzbj3,Phantom-of-the-Mall,Revelation is spinning on repeat but I really think JADE’s album will be taking the top spot of 2025 for me. She really hasn’t missed,116.0
myzy5as,pavel_levkovsky,"hard agree on Louder, Please! Rose has a great future ahead, she already has a very strong core of fans and I feel like it's only going to go upwards for her.
i also recommend everyone to listen to The Penthouse by Michael Medrano. it's a dirty sleazy club pop record — and this style suits him very well!",105.0
mz025jl,Hopeful_Book,"Japanese Breakfast - For Melancholy Brunettes (and Sad Women) 

Michelle did not disappoint with the feels and the instrumentation on this record is just so good! Especially Honey Water! And I got to give love to 'Men in Bars"" for giving me the most pleasantly surprising guest feature this year with Jeff Bridges",52.0
mz03r72,whimsigod,"Mayhem by a large margin in the top spot, Vanish Into You might be controlling my life and mood.

 And in second place Something Beautiful. Not sure what genre I counts it as but it's really pretty soft rock(?) vibes are hitting.",42.0
myzzgjz,jrsmusicman,"- Lady Gaga - Mayhem
- PinkPatheress - Fancy 
- Haim - I Quit


I will say that Tate’s album has grown on me a lot.",76.0
mz024hl,oOWalkingOnAirOo,"Gun to my lovers head- Mayhem. Album of the year so far. An amazing resurgence. 

SnS for me is always connected to last year. That’s why I think it’s so smart that she is just doing another album that’s gonna be so in the moment. I can’t wait to hear MBF. 

So many of these albums are amazing though. It’s so hard to pick a darling. You just have to pick one darling and stick with it.",34.0
myzz9ug,trashynoah,"Mayhem is my favorite, but Addison was what I was most excited for and she did not disappoint!!",155.0
mz0342l,lunahighwind,"Eartheater - The Shark Brain/Dolphin EP feat Shygirl (I'll beat the Eartheater drum forever, she's probably one of my top 3 favourite new artists in the last 10 years), also her latest release Nova was great.

FWA Twigs - Eusexual

Addison  (honestly, I used to be a hater, and she converted me)

Pink Panthress - Fancy That

R. Missing - Cloud Without a Tear - pretty cool EP

Lady Gaga - Mayhem - definitely my favourite release from her in long long time",30.0
mz00pm0,iceunelle,"Mayhem for sure is #1 for me, but I also really liked Past Life off of Eternal Sunshine deluxe.",49.0
mz002qh,neonjewel,"Princess of Power for sure. In my opinion, it’s her best album since Froot",61.0
myzy9c9,Persist2001,Ariana - constant repeat. I will never be tired of it,76.0
mz023go,postmodernmermaid,"For me it's def Kali. Sincerely, is so lush and flows so effortlessly I just feel like I can LIVE INSIDE IT.",21.0
mz04byn,Astrid323,"I think my top 5 so far are:
1. Mayhem (Lady Gaga)
2. Eusexua (FKA Twigs)
3. Salvation (Rebecca Black)
4. Fancy That (Pinkpanthress)
5. Something Beautiful (Miley Cyrus)


HMs (in no particular order): Eternal Sunshine Deluxe (Ariana Grande), Sincerely (Kali Uchis), Addison (Addison Rae) and Princess Of Power (MARINA)",23.0
mz0vykt,morticia_is_might,"I Said I Love You First is honestly underrated. It’s definitely a grower. Other than that POP, Addison and Something Beautiful are my favs so far!",21.0
mz0242h,EsmeRylan8747,"Princess Of Power for me, I've been listening to it repeatedly since it came out and love it more and more with each listen. Not only is it full of incredibly catchy songs that keep getting stuck in my head (title track and ""Cuntissimo"" especially) but it's also got a couple of the most deeply moving, heartfelt ballads I've heard all year in ""Everybody Knows I'm Sad"" and ""Adult Girl"". Just a phenomenally great album all around.

Eusexua is a close second, though. and while I haven't gone back to Mayhem that much since release it's probably the strongest pop album Gaga's released since Born This Way.",40.0
mz00cjl,Fragrant_Sort_8245,"Louder, Please has been my favorite album so far",19.0
mz067lr,Angrysalmonroll,"My favorite album this year has been Choke Enough by Oklou. It's an album I can listen to at just about anytime and still be in the right mood for. 

The moodier, and atmospheric productions put my brain at ease. There's a certain melancholy that lingers within the lyrics and production that's juxtaposed with these clubby productions sprinkled throughout. Which helps to keep the listening experience still fun and danceable.",18.0
mz0b257,EC3ForChamp,Nobody's put Something Beautiful as their #1 and it shocks me. That album is INCREDIBLE. Easily my top album of the year thus far,18.0
mz019za,[deleted],[removed],38.0
mz06lzo,TheGoldenPineapples,"Only discovered Ethel Cain a few weeks ago, but her *Perverts* project was really fucking interesting. More people need to be making stuff like that.

Felt very Lynchian.",16.0
mz0246s,CerealKiller2045,"Unironically, So Close to What. It’s been my most streamed album this year because the singles are so good and it puts me in such a good mood. The lyricism on this album is also just so much better than anything on Tate’s previous albums.",42.0
mz03elw,ss2811,"Mayhem was good! I really enjoyed Eternal Sunshine deluxe. Kali and PinkPantheress new projects were so good. 

Ngl I really enjoyed So Close To What. It’s such a good fun pop album.",11.0
mz06izi,Consistent_Fail_00,Mayhem for sure and they better give Gaga her long overdue aoty grammy,11.0
mz0ncjj,Restless_Dill16,"Mayhem is currently my album of the year. It takes me right back to middle school, when I was obsessed with Gaga. 


I also have to give flowers to Alessia Cara's latest album Love &amp; Hyperbole. It's a relaxing album to listen to, and I love the mix of genres. It may not be the flashiest album, but it helps me calm my anxiety. If you haven't thought of Alessia Cara in a while, I recommend giving it a listen. ",11.0
mz0bw87,PrinceDaddy10,Lady Gaga still takes it by far. Miley a second.,9.0
mz0f20a,waltsuliini,"Favourite: MAYHEM
2nd favourite: Something Beautiful",9.0
mz0s2bs,hereforthettt,Something Beautiful is an amazing album. I fear it’s not getting its Flowers. (pun intended.)  Strutting around to “Walk of Fame” makes me feel like a goddess!,7.0
mz123i6,sherlockboii,"Something Beautiful by Miley Cyrus. Honestly, I love anything that she puts out anyway, but that album is amazing! My favorite songs from the album are Golden Burning Sun, Every Girl You’ve Ever Loved, and Pretend You’re God - though I love every single song on it!",8.0
mz07cat,pineapplevomit,"Mayhem, there is no other competition.",7.0
mz0cgru,[deleted],[removed],5.0
mz0mu6n,goofyhalo,Mayhem for sure! Gaga just continues to impress!,8.0
mz0ql59,AverageShitlord,"Mayhem, Eternal Sunshine Deluxe, Eusexua, So Close To What, Salvation and Sincerely have all been insanely good

I think I'm leaning towards Eternal Sunshine, Mayhem and Sincerely as a 3 way tie though.",6.0
mz06n7v,thedeebag,"Rose Gray, FKA Twigs, Rebecca Black, Lady Gaga and Marina will be in my wrapped if the algorithm does what it should",5.0
mz0v96d,pearlsandprejudice,Brighter Days Ahead (Eternal Sunshine Deluxe) by a country mile! It is SO GOOD.,4.0
mz252g4,donnapinciottii,I have been bumping pretty much just Addison and PinkPantheress’ albums lately! I also loved the deluxe Short n Sweet.,4.0
mz00sso,macthepenn,"I know it’s been out for under a week, but the new Ryn Weaver song is FANTASTIC. I’ve been listening to it on repeat and it gets better each time!",3.0
mz05udp,SandstoneCastle,"My favorite so far is probably Maren Morris' Dreamsicle.  


Another I liked that I don't see on your list is Alessia Cara's Love &amp; Hyperbole.",4.0
mz06gdp,Anthony_P_V,"Mayhem, something beautiful, Fancy that, ES Brighter Days. Obsessed with Mayhem especially it’s so good",4.0
mz07ifq,hollowholes,"Lorde - Virgin, all the singles have really hit for me. I know it’s not out til next week but oh well",4.0
mz08kkw,M_DeLulu,"It’s Mayhem and Revelation from The Knocks/Dragonette for me. Addison was a nice surprise, though.",3.0
mz09t0s,zephxv,"Princess of Power, with Addison as a close second.",5.0
mz0d6gb,rarejnr01,"LOUDER, PLEASE!!!! Such an excellent and underrated pop album and I hope it gets the brat summer treatment

And then Something Beautiful is a very close second!",6.0
mz0o61b,danidoll7,"for me it’s Eusexua, Mayhem, Fancy That and ofc Princess of Power",3.0
mz1w026,withthekevin,"Sincerely, by Kali Uchis on constant repeat! Kali never misses and she released a masterpiece this year again.",4.0
mz2sswe,goodintent,"Mayhem, Princess of Power and Fancy That

Coisas Naturais - Marina Sena is *so good* - she’s a Brazilian alt-pop girlie who I adore and deserves more listens.

Also Sincerely, - Kali Uchis didn’t grab me at first but it’s actually a gorgeous album if you can conceptualise it just as 50 mins of a riff on a certain vibe.",5.0
mz02gf5,[deleted],[removed],6.0
mz0a6lh,joeyfosho,"Committed To A Bit - Corook. 

Gays and Theys need to get on the train, Corook is putting out some great stuff!",3.0
mz0cmsr,boopbeepbadoop,eusexua by fka twigs is the only album that's really blown me away this year (so far) but I expect to really like jade's album too when it's finally released!!!,3.0
mz0fday,Yoshikawakaname,"mayhem and eusexua, I know princess of power is not marina's best album but I still enjoy it very much",3.0
mz0ful3,wathombe,"Rose, twigs, Saya, Rebecca, GFOTY, Marina, PinkPantheress

Honorable mentions to those who are not precisely pop girls: HAIM, oklou, Erika De Casier, Maren, yeule (non-binary, but still)",3.0
mz0fxyd,christopher_aia,Revelation by the Knocks and Dragonette has snuck up on me as my favorite I think.,3.0
mz0j0rz,NewPlastic5425,"I've been playing Princess of Power on repeat but mostly Adult Girl because it's really making me wonder about life, the past and how it's hard to be an adult these days.",3.0
mz13wa0,mediocre-spice,"There hasn't really been a whole album that knocked it out of the park for me, though there's been tons of songs I adore from all of these",3.0
mz178tt,ProsciuttByTheFoot,"Not on the list, but....

HAIM - I Quit

This album is an instant classic for me",3.0
mz1z826,Windy_Idealist,Mayhem. Not even close. I’ll stand by my opinion that it’s AOTY,3.0
mz400iz,VisperSora,"The Knocks

I love dreamy synth pop",3.0
mzj13fb,Medium_Performer1059,"Here my favourite albums of 2025
1. Mayhem 
It very daring, it super cool and some of gaga best hits from her roots. Very talented and very versatile 
2. Something beautiful
It very Introspective, very high in production and it is very well presented, the marketing sucks but the 55min film save the album for me
3. Choke enough
It like she overdoing it but also not. I really respect the album lyricism. Her best album , however it just missing a good cord progression
4. Ruby by Jennie
It very versatile. Shows Jennie can do pop,rnb,rap . You name it . I enjoy every bit of it. And I love blackpink
5. Hurry up tomorrow 
The Weeknd final album. It closes the trilogy perfectly. The album extra bits are a highlight for me. Cry for me and timeless are so good, but the doechii remix sucks. The album have very good visual and lyrics. The movie is my fav. 
6. Even in Arcadia 
The rock band done it again. They did so much and yet the album still hit the right places. I personally a signed cd too.
7. Skeletá
Ghost is forever legendary. Love how unique and special this record is. The story they build and the beats and chord progressions are legendary 
8. Obsession by driver era
The album is pretty great. I listen to it to work everyday. The songs are timeless. They never get tired 
9. I said I love you first
Selena and blenny blanco got real personal with this record. I enjoy the videos and the deluxe is even better.
10. Louder pls by rise gray
The album is actually surprising. I ended up realising the production and lyrics are like AOTY material quality. So good
11. Eusexua by fka twig 
Her album just need some changes to the melody if not . It perfect. The album so fancy and full of bops
12. More chaos by ken Carson
The albums is ken Carson best work. The rap and the diss tracks are so cool. Ken Carson never disappoints. Love the beats
13. Late to the world by ider
This indie band is super cool. The album have great vocals and the production🎉
14.so close to what by tate mcrae
The album is so excited and i love the banger . Tate vocals are good.she really is a hitmaker
15. Sable,fable by bon iver
 This album is a game changer for me. Bon Iver show his personal side and still made earworms for me. I can't stop vibin.
16. Virgin by Lorde
The albums is AOTY quality. The songs are so unique. It giving melodrama. The lyricism. The music videos and the production is next level. She ain't need jack Antonoff 
17. I'm music by playboy carti
The album is a total vibe powerhouse. I am Jordan the best , the intro sick. I can see why this album went no.1.
18. Alter ego by lisa
She have really good vocals however the production need work. Born against the best. And love Lisa alter egos, my favourite is kiki. 
19. American heart by Benson Boone
It quite simple but also very personal. The quality is okay but to vibe with this album, you need to be his fan, still find it bad they wrote the album in 17 days
20. I'm the problem by Morgan wallen 
It quite annoying. But it Morgan wallen best work. It so long but it have the perfect lyrics andMelodiesHe a great lad",3.0
mz072fh,Alexfrog0,"Addison.  Never heard of her before two weeks ago, now obsessed with the whole Album.",5.0
mz0bvvd,subway-witch,"Not a pop girl, but Bad Bunny’s *Debí Tirar Más Fotos* is head and shoulders above the other releases this year, in my opinion",6.0
mz0by70,TheRealRoseDallas,"1. Ariana- ES Deluxe. I’m pretty much a devout Ariana Stan Lol and will love anything she puts out; but I truly believe the ES album is her best work. It seems like Ariana really loves the project too. When she added the deluxe songs it was like a dream come true lol! Ordinary Things, Eternal Sunshine, Intro end of the world, imperfect for you, I wish I hated you, past life, Hampstead, Twilight Zone are all my favorites. Gonna listen to it again today honestly! It’s so beautiful. 

2. Gaga- MAYHEM. This album is a Little Monster’s dream come true. It makes me so happy to have any new music from Gaga! Vanish Into You, Disease, How bad do U want me, Perfect Celebrity, and LoveDrug, Zombieboy are my faves. I just love it so much! 

3. Tate- So Close To What. This is my favorite workout album. I just truly love this album! I’m surprised there weren’t more big chart hits? Purple lace bra, Revolving Door, Dear God, Sports Car, blood on my hands are the best. Still disappointed about that Morgan Wallen collab, ugh.",4.0
mz12gmt,Lopsided-Football-82,"mine are jennie's ruby and sza's lana

  
edit: i dont know if lana counts because it was released in dec 2024 but thats basically 2025 and she added more tracks in february anyway",4.0
mz0b4ny,azulimarill,"Eusexua, Salvation, Something Beautiful, and Mayhem, in that order. I’ve also loved SAYA by Saya Gray, DÍA by Ela Minus, and Blood on the Silver Screen by SASAMI. 

For non-pop girl albums, my favorites have been People Watching by Sam Fender, Magic! Alive by McKinley Dixon, The Crux by Djo, and Revengeseekerz by Jane Remover.",2.0
mz0gnll,gripleg,"I can’t pick between Mayhem, Addison, and Salvation 😭 right now I cannot stop listening to Salvation so I’m tempted to go with that. But I think Mayhem will have the most longevity for me 🖤",2.0
mz0pdhs,TraverseTown,Chase Icon's debut album has ended up my most played album of the year.,2.0
mz0q5nu,puzzle-peace,Fancy That has been on repeat since release. The whole thing is so fresh and fun,2.0
mz0w3ij,johnsextonfl,I think The Weather Station’s Ignorance is my favorite pop album of the decade so far :),2.0
mz155tv,NormanFuckingOsborne,"I really enjoy Mayhem, Salvation and Louder, Please but nothing comes close to Eusexua.",2.0
mz1awgx,bluekiwi1316,"Top two for me have def been:

-PinkPantheress - Fancy That

-Yeji - Air",2.0
mz1d3ls,Llamaa_del_rey,"Addison has been on repeat, I fucking love her",2.0
mz1ek6w,AccurateSwim59,what do you have against the enter key,2.0
mz1fxmz,One-Bat2971,"addison, rebecca black, and marina for pop girlies, samia and blondshell for indie adjacent! honorable mention for bad bunny!!!!",2.0
mz1gzvv,RealJenniferKeller,"So close to what is still being played!

I am obsessed.

Dear God, Means I care, Blood on my hands.",2.0
mz1lyt8,Independent_Brain_29,"My favorites are definitely:

Addison by Addison 🩷🧡💛🩵🩷🧡💛🩵

Salvation by Rebecca Black 🩵🩷🖤🩵🩷🖤

My most anticipated albums for the remainder of the the year are:

That's Showbiz Baby! by Jade 🖤🤍💙🖤🤍💙

TO BE NAMED UNANNOUNCED PROJECT by Slayyyter 🩶🩷🩶🩷",2.0
mz253k5,nancylandia,Something Beautifull... for me it will be the best album of the year. Although Jade has pleasantly surprised me.,2.0
mz25qaq,japanesedenim24,[“The Fortune Teller” by Cleopatra Hoze] [“The Fortune Teller” on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=OLAK5uy_lK4HrM_qoeAk8rQDAWjrn3eTQdYvxRYEs),2.0
mz2bc9f,GigglesNWiggles10,EMELINE *the devil on my bra strap* is no skips for me. I vibe with the more mainstream releases too but this EP needs more noise!,2.0
mz2erql,Existing-Society-172,Salvation was soooo good!!,2.0
mz2od38,chill8989,"SALVATION !!! That's the energy i'm looking for in pop also Louder, Please and Addison",2.0
mz2ru21,No-Trick-7397,"fancy that, mayhem, eusexua, short n sweet deluxe, and eternal sunshine deluxe are stupidly good",2.0
mz3nvhs,sonjjamorgan,MAYHEM. Had to get tickets. Too good to miss,2.0
mz3px2x,JB9217a,Mayhem by Gaga and So Close to What. Literally almost nothing else has stuck so far this year.,2.0
mz472jb,purplereuben,Revelation is on repeat for me!!,2.0
mz4ju8q,Dry-Laugh777,"Kali’s Sincerely, Samia’s Bloodless, and Erika De Casier’s Lifetime make up my top 3.",2.0
mz4mmws,xcxmon,"My top 5 so far this year:

1. *Princess of Power* by Marina
2. *Mayhem* by Lady Gaga
3. *Eusexua* by FKA twigs
4. *Plæygirl* by MØ 
5. *Goodbye Small Head* by Ezra Furman",2.0
mz4w32t,No-Promotion-2668,We should make a thread for up and coming girlies as well? Some singles that are mentioned here might have flown off radar for most,2.0
mz4w8w0,fetchtheboltcutterzs,"MAYHEM, Eusexua and Addison … honorable mention for LISA New Woman feat. Rosalía that song had a chokehold on me the beginning of this year",2.0
mz5txyj,Suspicious_Cat2355,Eternal sunshine and addison. hoping olivia drops or3 this year too!!,2.0
mz6g21h,LesYeuxHiboux,"Dragonette and The Knocks - Revelation. Had that song stuck in my head as I was reading. 


Surprised by how much I enjoyed eternal sunshine deluxe and Rebecca Black's album, too. ",2.0
mz6yebg,Silly-Mountain-6702,"GEMELO by Angélica Garcia, and Color de Dolor is pop perfection.",2.0
mz70gtk,glencocoisrealmate,The formatting gave me a stroke,2.0
mzdrrgw,BreakableSmile,"Gaga, Maren Morris, Tate, Jensen McRae and Little Simz have all been top releases for me.",2.0
mzsg1wu,InsomniaticAlien,"Definitely Eternal Sunshine Deluxe and I Said I Love You First, but also shouting out Calum Hood's Order Chaos Order! The production and lyricism has grown on me with every listen.",2.0
n0kdir0,prozacbarbie,"So Close to What- Tate McRae. it already sounds like a classic and will be in my gym rotation for a long time. 

Addison by Addison Rae is pop perfection. Great debut. 

Mayhem- Lady Gaga is number 1 pop album of 2025 still. 

If only Lady Gaga, Addison and Tate all do a VMAS performance together that would be great.",2.0
mz0cc32,IIIHenryIII,"The girls have all been outsold by the main pop boy, Bad Bunny. Honestly, I think he had the best album of the year so far, and none of the other albums released this year have come near its greatness. 

But if I have to choose one from the girls, Eusexua takes the crown.",3.0
mz03a06,Substantial-Ad8014,"Addison, an absolute domination of the charts in my household.",3.0
mz07hzo,elipsesforever,"short n sweet deluxe. i listened to this album at least thrice a day for months, but i never even touched the original last year.",2.0
mz07j5h,Proud_Detective3183,"Addison, definitely, Fame Is a Gun is my favorite song.",3.0
mz07qgy,sweetnsoursauce11,"Jennie’s Ruby completely exceeded my expectations as I hadn’t enjoyed a solo song by her till Love Hangover. Totally deserves the praise it got 

Aside from that, So Close To What (Tate finally committed to the dance lane), Louder Please! (My fave new discovery) and Eternal Sunshine Deluxe have been my most listened 

Edit: also recently discovered Amine’s 13 Months of Sunshine and it’s so good and popheads friendly I highly recommend!! ",4.0
mz0rs3f,2347564,I had LE SSERAFIM - HOT on repeat for so long. It’s so good.,2.0
mz035wr,Sweet-Meat9966,"Didn’t know MØ released a new album! For me it’s Addison.
Edit: and Sabrina!",2.0
mz08q6m,ChrisAqua,"Ruby. I’m shocked as a Lady Gaga fan, but Mayhem isn’t my favorite album of 2025. ",3.0
myzxht3,AutoModerator,"Please do not just list songs/albums/artists, your comment must have explanation/justification or it will be removed. Certain comments are also banned to increase the quality of discussion, see our Stale Topics list in the sidebar for examples. Please report any comments that are low effort discussion. Thanks!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mz062sd,ConsistentDirt69,"Top 3 for me would be princess of power, fancy that, and salvation",1.0
mz0imaq,FiestyStrawberry,"SALVATION is a sleeper hit!!! No skips imo. Also obsessed with Mayhem, Addison, and Princess of Power. Haven’t listened to Something Beautiful all the way through yet but the concept is exciting. Mayhem is my #1 though, THAT PERFORMANCE?!!! She’s a superstar",1.0
mz0jk6t,LegoToTheBeachBeach,"Rebecca Black is just further cementing her star power with every new project. Honestly don’t know how she can top Salvation.

Wasn’t familiar with either of them before, but I’ve loved Chloe Qisha’s latest EP and Maren Morris’ latest album.

The f5ve album was one of my most anticipated releases but really noticeable difference in quality between the unbelievably excellent singles and the few album tracks we got unfortunately not quite hitting the mark. 

Addison I am still waiting on you to release Love Hate Miss 😔

Club Icarus by ARTMS is phenomenal and I have no idea why thy chose the worst song as the lead single!",1.0
mz0l4f4,SeeTeeEm,It's salvation for me by far so far (though I've liked most of the albums that have come out!). Rebecca is that bitch and for me it's a Rebecca black summer for sure,1.0
myy7jz1,AutoModerator,"Please do not just list songs/albums/artists, your comment must have explanation/justification or it will be removed. Certain comments are also banned to increase the quality of discussion, see our Stale Topics list in the sidebar for examples. Please report any comments that are low effort discussion. Thanks!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
myyassb,ggggrl,"Has anyone else felt truly impacted by this song? For me, it was so powerful that I actually reached out to two friends I'd drifted apart from without any real reason - and we were able to reconnect! 

There aren’t many songs that move you so deeply they inspire real change in your life, but this one did.",466.0
myzbklc,pablxo,"i'll never forget the first time i heard 

&gt; well, honestly, i was speechless

what a way to come into the song,  and then for Lorde to end her part with

&gt; cause i ride for you Charli

it just really could not have been any better. a true moment in time.",118.0
myy95k2,cant_ignore_cheese,"It’s between this and Everythjng Is Romantic for my favourite Brat songs but this was the one that really made everything fall into place, one of a kind track for real",186.0
myycnuw,pickledginger404,"Such an interesting duality and narrative of a relationship between these two versions; the original represented confusion and frustration the remix represented clarity and reconciliation. It’s almost as if the original were building to the climax of the remix without Charli even realizing it, if that makes sense. Two totally different payoffs honestly.

Also the remix made me ugly cry in my bed at 7 am; my coworkers thought someone died.",168.0
myzyayt,domatilla,This song is at 52 consecutive weeks at number 1 on the most important chart (songs I sing to and about my dog),66.0
myydbr2,DeepShow7007,It needs to feature in a movie with complicated female friendships. It's a need.,51.0
myyhpn6,Dakota1401,lives were changed,27.0
myy9kne,leavingthekultbehind,"1) this remix is still so good and it’s crazy to think about how crazy it went when it first came out! 

2) I think my opinion on it is still relatively the same. I liked it then and I still like it now!  

3) I would love to see Lorde and Charli come together again but I just feel like their styles are so different. 

4) although I love this song I don’t know if I’d rank it super high in their discographies. Like they both have iconic songs in their own right. This song is good but is it a top 10 Charli/Lorde song? I mean for me… no. 

5) you know honestly I thought we would’ve seen more “friend make up songs” come up after the success of this song. I feel like this song will be iconic for the moment it had but I don’t know if it’ll be remembered in the grander scheme of things. I feel like even in the brat era itself this song has been overshadowed by other moments.",74.0
myz6dib,ragazzzone,a YEAR?!?! jfc what is time,23.0
myzlg0l,personal__hell,"i remember listening to this for the first time when i was walking to catch my bus to work. i publicly GASPED at the lyric “for the last couple years i’ve been at war with my body, i tried to starve myself thinner and then i gained all the weight back” - as someone battling a long term eating disorder this felt so raw and real and i never expected to hear it said so straightforward in a pop song. i listened to it on repeat the whole way to work and tried to keep myself from crying, honestly. i wonder how that line hit people who have never struggled with EDs, and especially if they have loved ones who do. 

i’d love for them to collaborate again, especially with the way lorde’s music is evolving, and i think *girl, so confusing* opened the door for that. i don’t think anything could top it though. 

i also wish it was still “the girl so confusing version with lorde” but i understand why it had to be changed lol",22.0
mz18fju,EvrthnICRtrns2USmhw,this was a literal cultural reset.,21.0
myyyscu,ryanb2025,"Literally can’t listen to the original no more, the remix is too good",30.0
myz7t3p,No_Pianist5264,"It did in fact break the internet and rightfully so

On a serious note I sobbed listening to it because it's such an emotion that some of us have felt but nobody ever talks about it",16.0
mz22pih,and_eye_ooop,"Girl, So Confusing (remix), Sympathy is a Knife, and Von Dutch are the big three of this era for me. 

Lordes verse is an all time great from her.   
  
""Girl, you walk like a bitch""  
When I was ten, someone said that  
**And it's just self-defense**  
**Until you're building a weapon**  
She believed my projection  
And now I totally get it  
**Forgot that inside the icon**  
**There's still a young girl from Essex**

Like are you kidding meeeeeeeeeeeeee. Christ was in the writing session idk. It's one of those songs where I remember where I was when I first heard it. Jaw on the ground, adrenaline pumping, mind racing, immediately hitting replay again and again.  
  
Smart, inspiring, thought provoking, emotionally cathartic, cuts to the bone. Legend shit. Truly Lorde and Charli at their best. The rare remix that not only lives up to the hype but even surpasses the original. It's surreal to realize you're witnessing a GOAT moment from your favorite artists in real time.  
  
This is a diamond in both of their catalogues and I think Charli was f\*cking nuts not to submit it for a grammy. No shade to Billie at all - I get Guess was big on streaming and mv numbers + in theory Billie is a grammy's darling, but just keeping it a stack it's nowhere near as good or memorable as Girl, So Confusing. Like even 'work it out on the remix' is common turn of phrase at this point.  
  
Guess remix is fine, GSC is going to remembered as an all timer banner moment for both Lorde and Charli.",13.0
myye3y0,Screaming_Weak,"Honestly, it’s easily the best remix of the 2020s and maybe the 21st century. 

It immediately grabbed people’s attention, and it still does one year later. I know that Charli’s several other remixes from Brat are also excellent, but I feel like this is the only one that created a cultural conversation whether it was for the girls or the gays, and for that alone, it makes it highly unique.

A year ago tomorrow, I was attending one of my best girl friend’s weddings, and she married a monster. I knew it at the time (like we all kind of did), but she felt her clock ticking and felt like she had no other choice. I honestly had this song playing all weekend because it truly is so confusing to be a girl.

But to answer your questions: 

1. Love it

2. No

3. Yes

4. Don’t know where it stands in their discographies, but I’d rank it a top 5 for both

5. It’ll age very well. I think it’s very interesting that this was released slightly after Kendrick and Drake dropped diss tracks at each other, and the fact that this remix was two women reconnecting despite past differences vs men squabbling and hating each other will not be lost on me.",32.0
myy7v62,arnnageddon,"a legendary collab, the best remix alongside addison rae's",63.0
myybch5,rotten-tomato1,"1: easily one of the best remixes from the album, while I listen to basically every remix regularly (bar the IMSSS remix), this one specifically is one of the ones I stream the most.

2: not really. it was one of my faves when it dropped and it still is.

3: I think they should collab again, but strictly in songwriting. this song is incredible obviously but it works so well because of the real situation surrounding the topic. any future work between the two of them vocally wouldnt have the same impact. their songwriting abilities though ...unmatched.

4: easily one of their best singles individually.

5: the main legacy will probably be the line ""work it out on the remix"" but truly I believe this song will go down as one of the greatest releases of 2024.",15.0
myyiv47,SureJanuary,It became my most played song ever!,9.0
myzg4ps,wathombe,"Thanks for the surprise writeup! What a treat! I hope at least one person reads this who knows nothing about the song! ❤️

1. It’s really a perfect song, but only once you put it in context. Easily a top song of 2024. 

2. I didn’t immediately catch all the context when it first came out. My opinion grew more and more positive as I learned all the details over the coming months. 

3. I would love to see another song, but the circumstances would have to be right and the bar would have to be very high. It would be awful if they released something subpar just to be collaborating again. 

4. Certainly top 5 for Lorde for me, but that may only be because I don’t know her discography as well. Charli has more competition (there are probably 3-4 other songs on _Brat_ and the remix album alone that might be better), but it’s up there. 

5. I think the remix will remain an excellent capsule of the moment in time that was _Brat_ and pop music in the mid-2020s. 

Thanks again, this was fun!",8.0
myzr5kq,bonjourladies_,This is one of the best songs in both of their discographies,7.0
myzi746,icequeennoscreams,I heard it the first time on Kyle Maclachlan’s Instagram when he dressed up as a hot dog lmao. But was instantly obsessed. It’s one of the few remixes I like better than the original and it’s so relatable.,6.0
mz0b65d,Wonderful_Theme3716,lives were changed,4.0
myz2hn7,crostal,It is so good they even play it at my gym sometimes.,5.0
mz18fx2,Shift_Appt-02,"My favorite song off of brat and it legitimately sent me on a spiral. I haven't been listening to pop music in a while. Mostly listening to indie stuff. Charli’s always been one of those artists to me that frustrated me that she wasn't more mainstream *I'm famous but not quite* I've been listening to her since True Romance came out. Lorde has always been one of those artists that I appreciate her art, but I was never the biggest listener to. 

So I'm going into the original and hear that it's about Lorde and I start researching and going WHO ELSE OF THESE POP GIRLS HAVE BEEF?! Cut to months later, and I host a PowerPoint party with some of my closest friends and do an explainer on who's who and everyone's relationship to each other. All because of this song 😅",5.0
myz1ib9,droobidoobidoo,I am a cis male so I can't really relate but I only listen to the remix now since the original is lacking the Lorde response!,8.0
mz2es8y,Pizza1232006,I’m so glad that they didn’t beef and became friends they are so awesome,3.0
mz4emo4,myghostflower,charli and her team should have nominated this over guess for the grammys,3.0
myyckzl,Healthy_Suit_2533,"Wow, is it any good?",2.0
mz7sq9x,gaayrat,this reminds me of a very specific time in my life and even though what was happening isn’t related to the subject matter of the song at all my brain still associates them together and i get emotional whenever i listen to it,2.0
mz0ejho,boopbeepbadoop,"this remix is so good it makes the og sound like a demo. i don't even listen to the og anymore because the remix is so far ahead of it. 


tangent - im glad lorde got her flowers for it (because she's exceptional on it) but i also feel like it almost set her up for failure with virgin - brat blew up more than charli could've hoped, i would say in part due to this remix, so people were primed for more pop/club-adjacent lorde but that's obviously not the direction virgin is taking (for better or worse) and now more casual listeners are kind of turning away from her. maybe the real lorde summer is the friends we made along the way....",4.0
mz05fn6,thisusernameisntlong,a song you can rate in the currently open [indieheads charity rate 3!](https://www.reddit.com/r/indieheads/comments/1l3zxg0/rate_announcement_indieheads_charity_rate_3/),1.0
mz0708t,CheeseNBeanz,It still makes me emotional!,1.0
mz1rxw9,twistingmyhairout,"I had this thought the other day and didn’t know where it fit in the sub, so this is perfect! 

I was listening to Addison and the verse she calls out Madonna, Lana, and Gaga I was like “damn, it’s really such a shame Madonna was such a bitch to Gaga when she first started and kept talking about how Madonna was one of her biggest inspirations”. 

And then I was like “that’s the work it out on the remix I really want to hear” 

And I just love that the idea of “work it out on the remix” has so fit into my vocabulary even internally. I think it hits so much on this feeling of regret over crossed wires and confusion and feeling like “can we actually talk for real about what happened” that is so hard to do with people. 

In terms of the actual remix: incredible. I love the Lorde verse so much. She picked up what Charli was putting down and stepped up to the plate. 

I see people comparing the originals to the remixes and my favorite way to listen to these two is back to back. It’s like one long song with Lorde joining after Charli has gotten to say her full piece. It really works for me.",1.0
mz47guk,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Apple Music]: [Gelli Haha - Normalize](https://music.apple.com/us/album/normalize/1797636807 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Bandcamp]: [Gelli Haha - Normalize](https://gellihaha.bandcamp.com/track/normalize?from=search&amp;search_item_id=768300642&amp;search_item_type=t&amp;search_match_part=%3F&amp;search_page_id=4433621123&amp;search_page_no=1&amp;search_rank=1&amp;search_sig=1e5d6f0a59f419f63b83679423f69efa ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [Gelli Haha - Normalize](https://www.deezer.com/track/3243624751 ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/search/gelli%20haha%20normalize) || [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=gelli%20haha%20normalize) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/gelli+haha+normalize) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=gelli+haha+normalize&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/gelli%20haha%20normalize/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=gelli+haha+normalize) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=gelli+haha+normalize) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=gelli+haha+normalize)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
mz5tqj3,turtle-thief,Oh god I just found out about Gelli Haha this week and I became obsessed. She really has a vision and I can't wait for her debut this Friday!,2.0
mz436f2,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Spotify]: [Gen1es - Vroom](https://open.spotify.com/track/3uoRJ9J593HpQRjfM8vMlT ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [Gen1es - Vroom](https://www.deezer.com/track/3391594351 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [Gen1es - Vroom](https://soundcloud.com/gen1es/vroom ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/search/gen1es%20""vroom"") || [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=gen1es%20%2522vroom%2522) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/gen1es+%22vroom%22) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=gen1es+%22vroom%22&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/gen1es%20""vroom""/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=gen1es+%22vroom%22) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=gen1es+%22vroom%22) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=gen1es+%22vroom%22)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",2.0
mz352t1,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mz36ynf,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Apple Music]: [Alesha Dixon - Chargie (feat. Tom Moutchi)](https://music.apple.com/us/album/chargie-feat-tom-moutchi/1815771718 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [Alesha Dixon - Chargie](https://www.deezer.com/track/3378320141 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [Alesha Dixon - Chargie (feat. Tom Moutchi)](https://soundcloud.com/aleshadixon/chargie-feat-tom-moutchi ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=alesha%20dixon%20chargie) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/Alesha+Dixon+chargie) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=Alesha+Dixon+chargie&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/alesha%20dixon%20chargie/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=alesha+dixon+chargie) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=Alesha+Dixon+chargie) || [YouTube](https://youtube.com/results?search_query=Alesha+Dixon+chargie) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=Alesha+Dixon+chargie)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
mz8pjat,mamamikopipi,Powerful voice and Powerful song!,1.0
mz23pdz,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mz24dle,Ghost-Quartet,"A nice listen, his stuff is always cute. ""Missin' My Window"" is the standout for me.",5.0
mz5ccbf,blankspacejrr,"breaking news: a gay pop music listener who only listens to females finds a male artist he likes!!

ok, but for real: what a lovely surprise this was! it made me miss Jessie ware and kinda reminded me of anderson paak and amine on What’s yo pleasure/that feels good. 

classic disco with some modern touches/flourishes. 

all the tracks are so good, but my favorite is the title track. who knew rap and disco fit so well together?? I wanna see kendrick body a disco beat now. 

great rec OP!",5.0
mz2hpqr,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Apple Music]: [Ric Wilson - AMERICA RUNS ON DISCO](https://music.apple.com/us/album/america-runs-on-disco/1814503086 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [Ric Wilson - AMERICA RUNS ON DISCO](https://www.deezer.com/album/757017751 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [Ric Wilson - AMERICA RUNS ON DISCO](https://soundcloud.com/ricwilsonisme/sets/america-runs-on-disco-1 ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=ric%20wilson%20america%20runs%20on%20disco) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/Ric+Wilson+america+runs+on+disco) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=Ric+Wilson+america+runs+on+disco&amp;item_type=a) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/ric%20wilson%20america%20runs%20on%20disco/album) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/albums?q=ric+wilson+america+runs+on+disco) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=Ric+Wilson+america+runs+on+disco) || [YouTube](https://youtube.com/results?search_query=Ric+Wilson+america+runs+on+disco&amp;sp=EgIQAw%25253D%25253D) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=Ric+Wilson+america+runs+on+disco)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
myy31g9,EvrthnICRtrns2USmhw,"She once again, said, that she loves Solar Power saying:


*“I really remember saying that I wanted ... to feel, no matter what happens tomorrow, this is everything I want. I’m so proud of this. There’s nothing I would do differently. I remember saying that to myself and totally feel like that … This could get panned, God forbid, but it could – and I would [still] love it so much.” Solar Power “taught me a lot. I do love that album. It’s beautiful and sweet.”* 💓

This is so refreshing since there are other popstars recently that have been badmouthing their past works.


I'm trusting her vision, especially after hearing Hammer and seeing the music video. I love Solar Power and I also understand why people were lukewarm to it but at the same I don't understand why lol cause it was a great album. But I trust her and I have a feeling about this rebirth that, Virgin will be a magnificent album.",248.0
mz1lxv1,riningear,"As someone on the slightly ""curvier"" side and also genderfluid, with gender dysphoria having swings/bouts/episode, I really feel for her. Dysmorphia can be a bitch - I sorted out my body issues about my femininity years ago, but it wasn't easy by any means. It took a lot of literally looking at myself and finding _genuine_ external affirmation. 

And then society forces such an image of what men are ""supposed to look like,"" too, and that specific attachment is next to tackle. Being out and about in queer spaces has started to lift some of that, but goddamn.

(EDIT: also lorde come party with the queers in nyc sometime I promise it's so healing)",48.0
myz74zp,[deleted],[excluído],-6.0
mzcxhyj,fernxqueen,Article is paywalled but has she ever not been super thin? ,5.0
mz1uqxq,pianotat,"""Outside"" by Cardi B is aiming for a Top 25 debut on the Hot 100 with roughly 95 points in its first week.[](https://x.com/talkofthecharts/status/1936482434771767348/photo/1)",43.0
mz1pjqn,SiphenPrax,Dua Lipa brought out Charli XCX to perform ‘360’ for the Radical Optimism Tour at Wembley Stadium in London just now,55.0
mz0u3eg,backupsaway,"Pixar's Elio [is currently tracking](https://deadline.com/2025/06/box-office-28-years-later-elio-dragon-1236438207/) to open at $22 million at the US box office, the lowest opening for a Pixar movie ever. For comparison, last year's Elemental opened at $29.6 million and 1998's Toy Story at $29.1 million. Fortunately, it does have positive reviews from critics and a Cinemascore of A which could indicate that word-of-mouth might make it a sleeper hit similar to Elemental.",45.0
mz0l3yo,Frajer,"Jon Bernthal, Zendaya,  and Jacob Batalon have been cast in the next Spiderman [movie](https://gamerant.com/jon-bernthal-punisher-spider-man-brand-new-day-zendaya/)",44.0
mz0kj4r,ItsGotThatBang,"[Fat Joe Sued for $20 Million by Former Hypeman in Explosive Complaint: Alleges Rapper Engaged in Sex Acts With Minors &amp; Coerced Him Into ‘More Than 4,000 Sexual Acts to Maintain His Standing’](https://variety.com/2025/music/news/fat-joe-sued-former-hypeman-t-a-dixon-1236436310/)",19.0
mz3bcpe,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Spotify]: [Laura Buitrago - Alas](https://open.spotify.com/track/61UwjpwRjmQuLWmVuGAYtB ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Apple Music]: [Laura Buitrago - Alas](https://music.apple.com/us/album/alas/1817407591 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [Laura Buitrago - Alas](https://www.deezer.com/track/3390310841 ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/search/laura%20buitrago%20alas) || [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=laura%20buitrago%20alas) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/laura+buitrago+alas) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=laura+buitrago+alas&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/laura%20buitrago%20alas/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=laura+buitrago+alas) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=laura+buitrago+alas) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=laura+buitrago+alas)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
mz4nih6,PrettyBirbKotori,sorry for the delay but you can find the full day 2 playlist [here](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLFeMjPUKGBr5wDgw0USwswSgtYg0qH0-w)! i forgor,3.0
mz2k0id,sweetnsoursauce11,"Balladphobia struck again!!! 

Can’t believe Texas Hold ‘Em made it to day 3 over half of these cuts today wtf ",5.0
mz2frnu,1998tweety,So Long London as a Day 2 song is absolutely vile,12.0
mz1usgj,innuendo_overdose,"I’m not a huge fan of TTPD and was kinda mean to it with my ballot (definitely a bit too mean sometimes in hindsight) but jesus CHRIST, it is our duty, ALL of our duties, to at least get Taylor Swift a songeniality win. #justice4sohighschool #justice4fortnight",7.0
mz1u9nl,boopbeepbadoop,and when YA YA and SWEET HONEY BUCKIIN are #1 and #2.....,6.0
mz1tjos,seanderlust,"And that is it for day two! We go into day three with 23 songs left ~~half of which belong to Beyonce~~.

We will be starting same time, same place tomorrow. While you wait, you can do the following:

\- [VOTE FOR SONGENIALITY (your personal pick for the song that deserved better) HERE!](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1frrkOoTzAH9dVDGDfYxw5CBUWPle-Un_I1bjjBQLXIA/edit) We also have a few other fun questions.

\-Have a good day. :)",6.0
mz1te75,Brilliant-Primary500,"So at the end of this day, we have:


- 3 Taylors
- 8 Arianas
- 12 Beyoncés",8.0
mz1su6f,[deleted],[excluído],-4.0
mz1ss5r,seanderlust,"# [#24: Beyonce - BLACKBIIRD](https://imgur.com/a/uUfs58F)

---

**Average:** 7.398 **// Total Points:** 969.2 **// Controversy:** 1.928

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/anOCx2A) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/BiJ4hegd)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x1) apatel27

(10 x17) ahsweeknd, akane, avg-vag, dream\_fighter2018, electricboogaloo41, FitzMarble, frogaranaman, IIIHenryIII, ImADudeDuh, impla77, n00bi3pjs, poppinmmolly, Roxieloxie, runaway3212, seanderlust, Treecoh, wathombe

(9.5 x2) DirtyRat583, jackisboredtoday

(9.1 x1) Ambrosia42

(9 x17) Alumineous, ambitiousbulbasaur, asadprofessorplum, belaalbuquerque, bigbigbee, ChopperRCRG, doctypeppy, giraffiecathie, ignitethephoenix, jaztinax, MikeOcks, mylps9, nt96, Restless\_Dill16, ss2811, team\_kockroach, Upset\_syrup\_371

(8.5 x4) jimmyrollinsdurag, TiltControls, TragicKingdom1, wasian-invasion

(8.2 x1) emayzee


**Lowest Scores:**

(2 x2) pig-serpent, thedirtiestdish

(1 x2) buildingigloos, uiscebeathaoir


---

**seanderlust** (10): We wrap day two with a huge robbery IMO! It’s a very straightforward cover of Blackbird by the Beatles but given the message of that song (and perhaps recontextualized in the realm of country music, a genre with a long history of uh…not great! behavior towards black folks). Setting aside the context, it’s still a 10. The OG is a 10, and Beyonce’s voice sounds heavenly.

**pbk** (7): thinking of the first 5 ballots i inputted giving this song 0 controversy bc they literally all gave it a 7. i think this is unremarkable and severely overperformed but it’s ykno. fine.

---

**apatel27** (11): Beautiful song done with justice

**ahsweeknd** (10): John Lennon you are DUST!

**akane** (10): The way this was always a favorite Beatles song of mine and she just improved on that by being the best singer ever

**avg-vag** (10): the features and harmonies are gorgeous, vocal perfection

**FitzMarble** (10): a ten if only because of the inclusion of the other artists

**frogaranaman** (10): what I love about this album is that a lot of it is ultimately recontextualization, which makes this song that much more powerful

**IIIHenryIII** (10): man, what are these voices? they’re not allowed to outsing everyone just like that

**ImADudeDuh** (10): a fucking beautiful cover

**impla77** (10): well this is a bit of a classic yes

**n00bi3pjs** (10): The original song is great, this is somehow even better

**Roxieloxie** (10): If American requiem is Beyoncé kicking the doors down on the country music industry then this song is her turning back to everyone who’s in her army with her telling them to go and take what is theirs.

**runaway3212** (10): okay I never knew this song was supposed to be about black women in the U.S. but wow they were right and also my god does it sound beautiful

**wathombe** (10): the features are so, so beautiful

**Alumineous** (9): I never listened to the original, and honestly, after hearing this, I am afraid to hear that version.

**ambitiousbulbasaur** (9): Gorgeous layered cover of one of my favorite songs. I love that she clearly used the direct sample of Paul's original guitar, but did so much with it in terms of her vocals, harmonizing with others, and setting the mood with ambient details. It's a cover, but it's a cover that adds something to the soundscape of the album.

**asadprofessorplum** (9): Why is Tanner Addell not having a Shaboozey blowup? I want an investigation.

**bigbigbee** (9): One of the most beautiful voices ever singing one of the most beautiful songs ever

**doctypeppy** (9): giselle doesnt know how glad i am to divorce a song from its glee context

**ignitethephoenix** (9): ended Paul McFlopney

**jaztinax** (9): while maybe not a revolutionary cover, it is an effective one and the most fitting one contextually

**team\_kockroach** (9): There was no way she could’ve topped the original Paul McCartney version, because that was one of the best songs of the 1960’s. But I love this tender rendition, especially with the vocal layering.",3.0
mz1sq80,Brilliant-Primary500,"Oh no, please don't let The Black Dog die today!",3.0
mz1soo5,seanderlust,[here is your rate hint for the last elim of the day](https://youtu.be/GwNNpfQ9b5E?si=_eBnn_4wqyp1kLWG&amp;t=36),2.0
mz1shsx,cinnamonpretzel1989,"these results are so out of wack. and i'm not even just saying that as a swiftie (although you guys are way over-hating TTPD), I'm also super weirded out by the order Ariana and Beyoncé cuts are happening lol",7.0
mz1s01l,seanderlust,"(yes, that was a hint btw...i had to protect her)

# [#25: Beyonce - PROTECTOR](https://imgur.com/a/Va7qZMz)

---

**Average:** 7.347 **// Total Points:** 962.5 **// Controversy:** 1.573

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/p8SHmRh) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/ykSc5ARe)

---

**Highest scores:**

(10 x10) ahsweeknd, blankspacejrr, card114, darj, FitzMarble, guts\_spilled, mylps9, Nerfeveryone, Restless\_Dill16, wathombe

(9.6 x1) goro\_akechi\_apologist

(9 x10) Alumineous, avg-vag, belaalbuquerque, ChopperRCRG, DangerousPresent96, ImADudeDuh, jasannn, Roxieloxie, TiltControls, Upset\_syrup\_371

(8.7 x3) Ambrosia42, FreeCuddlesAnyone, modulum83

(8.5 x5) Agreeable\_Pianist644, ambitiousbulbasaur, jaztinax, runaway3212, slimboyfriend

(8.4 x1) Soalai

(8.3 x1) caaathyx


**Lowest Scores:**

(3.5 x1) Awkward\_King

(3 x3) Daydream1995Forever, Fair-Profile-8367, SparkySam100

(2 x1) innuendo\_overdose


---

**seanderlust** (8): :soblove:

**pbk** (6): this is the boring ballad people think most of ttpd is btw

---

**ahsweeknd** (10): I wonder what type of projector Beyoncé would be. An imax one probably.

**blankspacejrr** (10): such a beautiful song, nearly brings me to tears

**Nerfeveryone** (10): A beautiful tribute to being a parent. Some of the best lyrics in any of Beyonce's songs ever.

**wathombe** (10): already loved this one, but it earned a little extra credit after i saw it live

**goro\_akechi\_apologist** (9.6): Lovely, tender little ballad, it gets a little lost in the shuffle as the album goes on but I still love it

**ChopperRCRG** (9): kinda envious ngl

**Roxieloxie** (9): If 16 Carriages is a reflection to yourself, almost asking ‘why do I go through it all’ then Protector is the answer of ‘for the children’.

**FreeCuddlesAnyone** (8.7): this song feels like a warm hug

**modulum83** (8.7): one of the best songs on the album honestly, she just naiils the feel of an old ameriican folksong

**ambitiousbulbasaur** (8.5): Such a beautiful lullaby, I love it. One of my early favorites.

**runaway3212** (8.5): okay this is beautiful but part of me is a bit bored I won't lie

**slimboyfriend** (8.5): it’s nice that it’s about her kids but also kind of canonically gay because of the Ryan Beatty writing credit

**Soalai** (8.4): She really is mother

**caaathyx** (8.3): So sweet &lt;3

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (8): :)

**Brilliant-Primary500** (8): this is a very cute song, awwww, if I'll ever have a kid (impossible as I'm a fa-), I'd sing this to them

**CrimsonROSET** (8): why am I crying

**doctypeppy** (8): Beautiful lyrics from Mr Brockhampton Sugar From the Hit Album Ginger, but otherwise htis is one of the ones that just reminds me that my mom told me ""i actually liked that cowboy carter album!""

**EtenKillbeat** (8): really needed to hear that at one point

**impla77** (8): awe

**n00bi3pjs** (8): Was the Rumi Carter cameo really necessary?

**pig-serpent** (8): Dawww

**Sallynoraa** (8): make some noise for rumi!

**team\_kockroach** (8): can already envision the tear-jerking movie montage that this song is playing over

**uiscebeathaoir** (8): Real cute song but honestly if I had to start cutting some tracks this would be one to go

**Verboten\_Prince** (8): Beyoncé: https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51gsekBfpnL.jpg

**wasian-invasion** (8): beyonce's son must feel left out on the nepo baby feature front

**welcome2thejam** (8): Goddamn fine I'll raise a kid, FUCK",2.0
mz1ryis,Brilliant-Primary500,"Oh no, not that one. i actually liked that song!",3.0
mz1rrt8,uiscebeathaoir,"I wasn't even a Swiftie going into this reveal, but as someone who really grew to love TTPD I'm being fully radicalised this is WILD",13.0
mz1rm1x,seanderlust,idc idc fuck host neutrality atp TAYLOR ALLISON SWIFT GET BEHIND ME,6.0
mz1rarf,Brilliant-Primary500,"One of my fav Magdalena Bay songs playin, y'all got taste now?",1.0
mz1qx4y,FitzMarble,im actually sick... what is happening,5.0
mz1qwq0,Brilliant-Primary500,"If I have to guess, Guilty As Sin? &amp; The Black Dog are the only songs from TTPD to reach Day 3 at this point.",5.0
mz1qn98,blueberries929,"NOTHING compares to screaming ""Touch me while your bros play Grand Theft Auto"" with eighty thousand other people. RIP",10.0
mz1qkox,Brilliant-Primary500,"You guys fucking suck, this deserves to go to Day 3",9.0
mz1qk44,seanderlust,"# [#26: Taylor Swift - The Prophecy](https://imgur.com/a/cqCqOsG)

---

**Average:** 7.334 **// Total Points:** 960.8 **// Controversy:** 2.012

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/PDfU0P1) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/kpNaMHUL)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x2) Daydream1995Forever, Turpamutteri

(10 x24) ahsweeknd, AlternativelyListed, Alumineous, belaalbuquerque, blueberries929, Brilliant-Primary500, CarlieScion, Content\_, FitzMarble, FreeCuddlesAnyone, guts\_spilled, IIIHenryIII, joeeswift, Last\_Slide, medusaOP500, MikeOcks, mylps9, omgthenerve, pbk, raggedy-princess, RandomHypnotica, SFbby, Stryxen, thedirtiestdish

(9.5 x4) 1998tweety, EtenKillbeat, Fair-Profile-8367, seanderlust

(9.1 x1) kauai6

(9 x8) emayzee, Friendly-Canary-3814, jimmyrollinsdurag, Lipe18090, Nagisoid, Restless\_Dill16, runaway3212, sweetnsoursauce11

(8.6 x2) Dilemmaofahedgehog, jman457

(8.5 x4) Alternative\_Yam\_2699, cinnamonpretzel1989, darj, krusso1105


**Lowest Scores:**

(4.5 x1) wasian-invasion

(4 x7) avg-vag, doctypeppy, ImADudeDuh, lexiaredery, n00bi3pjs, Roxieloxie, TragicKingdom1

(3 x4) apatel27, DaHumanTorch, pig-serpent, Treecoh


---

**pbk** (10): this just barely got knocked out of day 3 at the last second which i think is absolutely ridiculous this song is perfection and just gutwrenching. i dont relate to it anymore which i thought would make it grow off me

**seanderlust** (9.5): if i squint this is a sufjan stevens song

---

**Turpamutteri** (11): might be my favorite Taylor song ever

**ahsweeknd** (10): another mental breakdown tbh

**blueberries929** (10): see it in my mind let's fulfill the prophecy

**Brilliant-Primary500** (10): how the fuck did Down Bad and that stupid I Can Fix Him song gets put inside of the standard edition, but this one didn't? This is easily the best song off the anthology edition.

**FitzMarble** (10): It must be horrible to want to get married, want to maybe have kids, etc, but to be getting older and feeling like that’s all slipping away and meanwhile you’re also one the most famous people in the world and everyone hyper-analyzes your relationships. I don’t know if she actually those things, though I don’t think it’s wrong to assume she wants to be married going off this album, but the feeling expressed in this song is rough regardless, and I think everyone has wanted to change what seems to be their fate at some point.

**FreeCuddlesAnyone** (10): such a pathetic song. everytime i hear this it makes me miserable. what a complete wet rag of a song. ten out of ten.

**IIIHenryIII** (10): I’m so lonely

**RandomHypnotica** (10): The Princess and the Plane

**Stryxen** (10): literally hand on the throttle THOUGHT I -as in ME– caught lightning in a bottle –and get this– OH! but –and you won't believe this– it's gone again…

**thedirtiestdish** (10): she knows me fr

**1998tweety** (9.5): she ate this

**EtenKillbeat** (9.5): objectively ten but it feels like nine for some reason

**jimmyrollinsdurag** (9): ""slim pickins"" if it was clinically depressed

**Nagisoid** (9): TAYGOD

**runaway3212** (9): So true bestie

**sweetnsoursauce11** (9): this is last song i love on the album lol

**jman457** (8.6): You know if this wasnt a double album, it would actually be really good",5.0
mz1qj9b,Brilliant-Primary500,"Fucking hell, not this one TOO!",7.0
mz1qdx8,seanderlust,"Well god. I for real thought that was gonna be late day three. Who saw that one coming, am I right?",5.0
mz1q7gn,uiscebeathaoir,This... you can't be serious... what even is this...,7.0
mz1pzkg,RandomHypnotica,"I'm going to say something bold and controversial...

The Taylor hate has gone too far when we're making one of her best songs career-wide go out Day 2",8.0
mz1psz5,Brilliant-Primary500,NOOOOOOOOOO!,4.0
mz1ps8c,seanderlust,"# [#27: Taylor Swift - So High School](https://imgur.com/a/XEZRYtB)

---

**Average:** 7.308 **// Total Points:** 957.3 **// Controversy:** 2.591

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/zylX9Ry) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/fiNNCJx3)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x3) bigbigbee, Nagisoid, uiscebeathaoir

(10 x29) akane, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, asadprofessorplum, BleepBloopMusicFan, CarlieScion, Content\_, DangerousPresent96, darj, doctypeppy, dream\_fighter2018, FitzMarble, FreeCuddlesAnyone, hikk, ignitethephoenix, IIIHenryIII, innuendo\_overdose, jirachi, jman457, krusso1105, modulum83, pbk, pheromenos, Poydoo, PSSST12, RandomHypnotica, ricki, Stryxen, sweetnsoursauce11, welcome2thejam

(9.5 x4) Last\_Slide, seanderlust, the tortured flava department, Turpamutteri

(9 x8) AlternativelyListed, avg-vag, Brilliant-Primary500, emayzee, Friendly-Canary-3814, MikeOcks, slimboyfriend, SnoreLux1

(8.6 x1) blueberries929

(8.5 x4) ArcaneLabyrinth, pig-serpent, Restless\_Dill16, Treecoh

(8.2 x1) nonchalantthoughts

(8.1 x1) jackisboredtoday


**Lowest Scores:**

(2.5 x1) Awkward\_King

(2 x3) Daydream1995Forever, dreamingpastel, thedirtiestdish

(1 x4) ahsweeknd, MasterWizardRyan, Nerfeveryone, runaway3212

(0 x2) DevilsOfLoudun, Roxieloxie


---

**pbk** (10): thank god this got as high as it did i was terrified for her… touch me while your bros play grand theft auto lyric of the century btw!!! try getting felt up by straight boys more often you might like it !!

**seanderlust** (9.5): i’ll give you all a second to go type “robbed” in the Queup chat. 

Okay welcome back. IDK man this one just works so well for me. The ‘90s alt-pop instrumental with the earworm melody on the hook. Are the lyrics immature and a little clunky? Sure, but that’s kind of the point - there’s something really refreshing and exhilarating about being in a relationship as an adult that brings you back to the euphoria of a first love. Sometimes it’s fun, as mature as you get, to feel like a schoolkid kicking their feet laying on the bed on their stomach, dreaming of that person. If she’s gonna make this big of a banger, I think Taylor earned a little talking about getting fingered with her friends on the couch.

---

**bigbigbee** (11): I wrote about this for the popheads top 100 of 2024 and my thoughts can be found [there](https://www.reddit.com/r/popheads/comments/1ikqaif/the_top_100_tracks_of_2024_according_to_rpopheads/)! tl;dr good song

**Nagisoid** (11): So that was Scripture.

**uiscebeathaoir** (11): One of the best pop song of 2024. It knows what it wants to be and executes flawlessly, the guitar is crazy good, the melodies are excellent. I love the structure that just feels like four or five different choruses rattled off one after another and the instrumental section after “look at you” is absolute magic. And the best thing about this song is that the bit with the Aristotle and Grand Theft Auto lines gets repeated — she sings them twice. That is such a ballsy move how can you not respect it",4.0
mz1pqoi,Brilliant-Primary500,"Oh god, oh fuck!",1.0
mz1peuf,seanderlust,I feel like I say a lot of songs are robbed. But this next one is ROBBED! I'm gonna start calling some of you all names,4.0
mz1oa5q,Brilliant-Primary500,"Thank you Lord, you heavenly divine being! The evil is finally defeated!",4.0
mz1o83p,seanderlust,"# [#28: Beyonce - LEVII'S JEANS](https://imgur.com/a/QvI7HJm)

---

**Average:** 7.302 **// Total Points:** 956.5 **// Controversy:** 2.399

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/gXtnGAI) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/NUNgMHsv)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x1) Poydoo

(10 x21) ahsweeknd, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, Ambrosia42, Awkward\_King, CrimsonROSET, FitzMarble, Frajer, goorry121, goro\_akechi\_apologist, IIIHenryIII, ImADudeDuh, jirachi, joeeswift, modulum83, nooodisaster, PSSST12, Roxieloxie, runaway3212, SFbby, TiltControls, uiscebeathaoir

(9.2 x1) caaathyx

(9 x21) 1998tweety, akane, Alumineous, ArcaneLabyrinth, belaalbuquerque, BleepBloopMusicFan, buildingigloos, ChrisAqua, DangerousPresent96, Danielqbf, electricboogaloo41, giraffiecathie, medusaOP500, n00bi3pjs, poppinmmolly, raggedy-princess, slimboyfriend, ss2811, TragicKingdom1, wasian-invasion, welcome2thejam

(8.6 x2) DirtyRat583, pheromenos

(8.5 x5) agreen3636, avg-vag, lexiaredery, nonchalantthoughts, static\_int\_husp

(8.1 x1) RandomHypnotica


**Lowest Scores:**

(2.5 x2) Nagisoid, TakeOnMeByA-ha

(2 x1) bichonoturno

(1 x2) Daydream1995Forever, the tortured flava department

(0 x3) Content\_, Friendly-Canary-3814, Stryxen


---

**seanderlust** (8): and now, a word from our sponsors.

**pbk** (6): i think i would bump my score for this one a bit higher now actually. it’s a bizarre combo but it is still kinda a sexy and fun bop

---

**Poydoo** (11): imagine beyonce asking you to do a feature on her song about having hot sex with beyonce

**ahsweeknd** (10): I wish this was 20 minutes longer

**Ambrosia42** (10): this song eats idc!!!!

**Awkward\_King** (10): post malone kinda suckable and fuckable

**CrimsonROSET** (10): yes I have a 10 avg for post Malone in this rate what about it

**FitzMarble** (10): post malone should’ve picked up a feature on an eternal sunshine remix to complete the ult trifecta, he does an good job on this song and fortnight to elevate them (especially at the end of each)

**Frajer** (10): I thought she only wore Dereon jeans

**goro\_akechi\_apologist** (10): In which Post Malone reveals he has no idea which Beyonce album he is on

**IIIHenryIII** (10): Post, main pop girl

**ImADudeDuh** (10): the visuals for the album being 3 levi’s commercials with this song is so ijbol

**modulum83** (10): WE GOT BRO COUNTRY BEYONCE LET'S GOOOOO POST MALONE YOU HAVE SAVED THIS TRYHARD ASS ALBUM

**nooodisaster** (10): Leave it to Beyonce to go from the greatest saffic anthem of our time to the ultimate straight fantasy sex jam.

**Roxieloxie** (10): it really helps that she basically does the 'covering a dogs medicine in peanut butter so they eat it' thing here with post malone so by the time i get into the song and Austin jumps in, its too late for me to bail

**runaway3212** (10): Gagggg, she looked at that musky as man and said ""I can make him have a good song"" and she did!

**TiltControls** (10): honestly they work together amazingly when it comes to the vocals

**uiscebeathaoir** (10): A brilliant pop song, why do y’all hate Post Malone?

**caaathyx** (9.2): Yeah you can tell Nile Rodgers worked on this song. Post Malone actually sounds great too. This might be my fav so far

**1998tweety** (9): I dont like Post but I gotta admit he ate this a bit (but Bey working with him of all people on this album of all albums is a major choice...)

**akane** (9): still crazy she went for Postie of all people for the duet but it’s okay bc he somehow slayed

**Alumineous** (9): I hate that Levi’s Jeans ad so much. And y’all gonna hate me for this, but Post kinda be sounding like Beyoncé there. Didn’t know he hopped in at first.

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (9): If you put all three Levi’s commercials together you get almost 25% of a music video for this song! That’s something!

**buildingigloos** (9): Give you high fashion in a simple white tee, like the crazy in love video iktr

**n00bi3pjs** (9): Does she jump to put Post Malone (Jay Z or whoever the song is about) on?

**slimboyfriend** (9): ok but it works!

**wasian-invasion** (9): nothing more country than a san francisco clothing company

**welcome2thejam** (9): I deadass did not know that was Post Malone at first, I just thought Beyonce was switching up the voice for a minute",2.0
mz1o1mn,seanderlust,True Life: I Have To Go Do Things After The Reveal But I Really Don't Want To Have To Put On Pants,2.0
mz1nc09,Brilliant-Primary500,This is even better,2.0
mz1nb3c,Brilliant-Primary500,HAHAHAHAHAH!,2.0
mz1n9vi,seanderlust,"# [#29: Ariana Grande - yes, and?](https://imgur.com/a/ooo307d)

---

**Average:** 7.301 **// Total Points:** 956.4 **// Controversy:** 2.230

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/RM3B2RL) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/DfdhQFry)

---

**Highest scores:**

(10 x22) Ambrosia42, ArcaneLabyrinth, bran, CrimsonROSET, DaHumanTorch, Daydream1995Forever, DirtyRat583, electricboogaloo41, frogaranaman, guts\_spilled, hikk, ignitethephoenix, innuendo\_overdose, jirachi, joeeswift, kauai6, Nagisoid, RandomHypnotica, runaway3212, seanderlust, uiscebeathaoir, wathombe

(9.5 x4) Awkward\_King, caaathyx, MasterWizardRyan, stealthamo

(9 x12) AlternativelyListed, ambitiousbulbasaur, blankspacejrr, Friendly-Canary-3814, jman457, MikeOcks, n00bi3pjs, nt96, ricki, Stryxen, wasian-invasion, welcome2thejam

(8.8 x2) nonchalantthoughts, pheromenos

(8.5 x5) 1998tweety, Last\_Slide, nooodisaster, omgthenerve, Treecoh


**Lowest Scores:**

(2.5 x1) the tortured flava department

(2.3 x1) Poydoo

(2 x2) dream\_fighter2018, FitzMarble

(1 x2) pbk, PSSST12

(0 x1) Turpamutteri


---

**seanderlust** (10): i just know frankie grande was a goddamn MENACE on the aux the first month this came out.

**pbk** (1): i hate that this was like almost a hit bc it is so obnoxious and i am always at risk of it coming on when i’m in the gas station or some shit

---

**Ambrosia42** (10): the way I thought we were getting a housiana album

**bran** (10): this was theee moment idc

**CrimsonROSET** (10): THEY COULD NEVER MAKE ME HATE YOU!!!

**DaHumanTorch** (10): and she was right! no normal person gives a fuck about homewrecking, let alone unsubstantiated rumors of it

**DirtyRat583** (10): idc idc SMASH HIT!!

**frogaranaman** (10): I LIVED IT: The Controversial Ariana Grande Single Is Bopping Today, For Some Reason

**hikk** (10): i would have lived for a full house album idcccc

**ignitethephoenix** (10): it’s actually so funny this is the second time we are rating Max Martin’s impact

**innuendo\_overdose** (10): “Ariana Grande homewrecks Spongebob” isn’t a “yes and” improv prompt, it’s a “what are you talking about how did you get in here” improv prompt

**Nagisoid** (10): TURN IT UPPPPP

**RandomHypnotica** (10): the way this was nothing like the rest of the album ctfu

**runaway3212** (10): sorry everyone can suck me this slays

**uiscebeathaoir** (10): Idc this was a great lead single. Could I do without the spoken word bridge? Of course. But that intro can make up for a lot

**wathombe** (10): What’s not to like? An unapologetic response to media scrutiny, a Madonna vibe, and a fantastic beat. I love the spoken word bridge, to.

**Awkward\_King** (9.5): a song ive already 11d. but then it kinda aged like milk on me. but i gave it time and now it sounds good again

**caaathyx** (9.5): So. After hearing this I kind of hoped the whole album would be in this “Madonna/Vogue” style, unfortunately not. This incredibly well-produced, the majority of the album feels bland compared to this one song

**MasterWizardRyan** (9.5): that lipsync should have been a double sashay btw

**stealthamo** (9.5): Every generation should have their own Vogue.

**ambitiousbulbasaur** (9): Actually one of the most unfairly maligned lead singles of the decade IMO. It was a bit of a shock, yes, but that was the point! And it bops so hard! insert your favorite dancing gif here

**blankspacejrr** (9): loved this song on first listen. bring back fun.

**jman457** (9): I feel cheated a bit with this as the first single, I want Popiana so bad, even if its just Renaissance B-side

**n00bi3pjs** (9): the beat, the verses, the chorus are all flawless

**ricki** (9): i was having fun while everyone discussed whether or not she deserved the death penalty for wrecking a home

**Stryxen** (9): H&amp;M PLAYLISTOLA WE LOVE YOU

**wasian-invasion** (9): say that shit with your chest

**welcome2thejam** (9): Comedy queen Ariana Grande teaching us the first rule of improv, we love to see it",2.0
mz1n7b1,Brilliant-Primary500,"Is it going to be kicked out, please lord, let it be Levii's Jeans",0.0
mz1mzpw,seanderlust,"Is there something that constantly gets recommended to you all on YouTube for some reason? I've never watched their stuff (not that i hate it, i just don't seek it out), but I always get recommendations of clips from Second City shows.",1.0
mz1mp0k,DilemmaOfAHedgehog,Alligator tears out before the ad for levi's...i will have my revenge...,2.0
mz1mgdk,seanderlust,"# [#30: Beyonce - ALLIIGATOR TEARS](https://imgur.com/a/65Mf346)

---

**Average:** 7.296 **// Total Points:** 955.8 **// Controversy:** 1.790

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/d3qns6q) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/fHyphc25)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x1) Dilemmaofahedgehog

(10 x11) ahsweeknd, Awkward\_King, BleepBloopMusicFan, CarlieScion, ConnerY2323, darj, doctypeppy, impla77, innuendo\_overdose, n00bi3pjs, uiscebeathaoir

(9.8 x2) kauai6, UltimateTaco

(9.5 x1) wathombe

(9.3 x1) ambitiousbulbasaur

(9 x13) Alternative\_Yam\_2699, apatel27, ArcaneLabyrinth, ChopperRCRG, Content\_, CrimsonROSET, Frajer, FreeCuddlesAnyone, MikeOcks, Nerfeveryone, Restless\_Dill16, Roxieloxie, welcome2thejam

(8.8 x2) EtenKillbeat, stealthamo

(8.5 x7) akane, bigbigbee, goorry121, goro\_akechi\_apologist, jaztinax, slimboyfriend, Stryxen

(8.3 x1) jman457


**Lowest Scores:**

(3 x2) pig-serpent, runaway3212

(2 x3) AlternativelyListed, blankspacejrr, Sallynoraa


---

**seanderlust** (6.5): I feel like I should like this more than I do. The guitar in the background feels right up my alley. For whatever reason though, I tend to start zoning out here and clock back in for Levii’s Jeans. It seems like a lot of you have similar feelings - while this actually spent several ballots being a late day one cut, it clawed its way back to a respectable 30th place! (In a rate of 71 tracks, yes that does count as respectable).

**pbk** (5): i dont remember her at all sorry im a professional host btw

---

**ahsweeknd** (10): this is that “real good shit” Willie Nelson talked about in the interlude.

**Awkward\_King** (10): now i spend sundays with you.... so good

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (10): You’re a fake ass bitch and I love you.

**ConnerY2323** (10): she swung the saloon doors OPEN

**darj** (10): u/WaneLietoc we got an AIC Jar of Flies cut in here!!!

**doctypeppy** (10): when this goes out day 2 ill

**impla77** (10): this randomly being my favourite for some reason

**innuendo\_overdose** (10): okay this is good shit. was it really that hard?

**n00bi3pjs** (10): I need more songs where Beyonce dunks on Karens and White Tears

**uiscebeathaoir** (10): Most underrated on the album by far, low-key deserved Texas Hold ‘Em’s success

**UltimateTaco** (9.8): “You said change religions, now I spend Sunday’s with you” might be her best lyrical moment ever

**wathombe** (9.5): some of the best lyrics on the album, honestly

**ambitiousbulbasaur** (9.3): I absolutely love this one. I can't explain why. I think I really am drawn to the slightly dissonant chords? The guitar and clap percussive elements is so good too. Beautiful harmonies yet again.

**apatel27** (9): I thought it was Crocodile Tears; Is this another Atlantic switch-up?

**CrimsonROSET** (9): her singing voice is so…..

**FreeCuddlesAnyone** (9): these harmonies are so good

**Nerfeveryone** (9): Swampy!

**Roxieloxie** (9): this one is sweet i just dont have alot to say on it

**welcome2thejam** (9): Does a good job at the ""pissed as hell and about to go on a musical path of revenge"" version of country

**EtenKillbeat** (8.8): no words

**akane** (8.5): the tour GREATLY boosted this for me

**goro\_akechi\_apologist** (8.5): The thing with an album this long is that some of the songs end up feeling like more minor pieces either due to how they sound or just where they land in the tracklist. This song comes off as one of those minor pieces to me. It's very good, but a combination of it coming right after a bunch of big, loud, and dramatic songs and sounding comparatively more muted than any of them kinda makes this song get lost in the shuffle.

**slimboyfriend** (8.5): now those backing vocals make this interesting

**jman457** (8.3): underrated song here for sure

**buildingigloos** (8): Impeccable vibes

**frogaranaman** (8): me, someone who has read Where to Draw the Line: that is NOT good

**jimmyrollinsdurag** (8): maybe my favorite lyrics so far. and there's this great sinister undertone because alligator tears are fake and manipulative, and it's like she knows that but she loves the person too much to care

**Verboten\_Prince** (8): You know this Jay-Z sounds kinda like a piece of shit

**caaathyx** (7.9): A filler, but a really fun one

**nonchalantthoughts** (7.8): https://www.tiktok.com/@sspencerevans/video/7493370274277117226

**FitzMarble** (7.5): this is nice but it’s dragging on this listen for whatever reason",2.0
mz1m9gh,seanderlust,Anyone get really into a new artist in 2024? I got super into Doechii after doing a deep dive on her work. I had really liked Yucky Blucky Fruitcake but that was all I knew of her. Now I kind of have to stan. Where the swamp at???,1.0
mz1l2hw,seanderlust,"# [#31: Ariana Grande - don't wanna break up again](https://imgur.com/a/ttbpIFU)

---

**Average:** 7.265 **// Total Points:** 951.7 **// Controversy:** 1.831

---

**Highest scores:**

(10 x10) DangerousPresent96, electricboogaloo41, emayzee, guts\_spilled, kauai6, lexiaredery, runaway3212, ss2811, Treecoh, wathombe

(9.5 x4) Last\_Slide, MasterWizardRyan, Nerfeveryone, nooodisaster

(9.3 x1) DaHumanTorch

(9 x14) Agreeable\_Pianist644, ahsweeknd, apatel27, Awkward\_King, bran, Brilliant-Primary500, buildingigloos, ChrisAqua, Fair-Profile-8367, goro\_akechi\_apologist, jasannn, jaztinax, SnoreLux1, sweetnsoursauce11

(8.9 x1) ConnerY2323

(8.6 x1) RandomHypnotica

(8.5 x3) Frajer, Friendly-Canary-3814, seanderlust

(8.3 x1) DirtyRat583

(8.2 x1) Ambrosia42


**Lowest Scores:**

(3 x4) DevilsOfLoudun, itookyourmatches, the tortured flava department, uiscebeathaoir

(2 x1) innuendo\_overdose

(0 x1) darj


---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/s7Oggkf) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/McQgWeYs)

---

**seanderlust** (8.5): ugh so real. When you’re just trying to watch The Last Of Us but ariana wont shut up with the crying 🙄

**pbk** (4): ari tries so hard to make her lyrics relatable even though absolutely nothing about her life is relatable. why are you calling your husband a situationship

---

Rank Graph // All Scores

**runaway3212** (10): not to be dramatic but your husband turning up the tv to not hear you cry is the saddest thing ever

**wathombe** (10): along with ordinary things, this was the other album cut that grabbed me right away

**Nerfeveryone** (9.5): Love me some R&amp;B bops

**nooodisaster** (9.5): ""I fall asleep crying/You turn up the TV"" ""You didn't even try/When you finally did it was at the wrong time"" ""This situationship has to end"". Ariana Grande-Butera the lyricist you are...

**ahsweeknd** (9): it’s not a 10 cause she helped to normalize the word situationship

**Awkward\_King** (9): ariana has such a gorgeous voice she can sing such bullshit and im like whatever you say beautiful

**Brilliant-Primary500** (9): i like this song a lot, also fuck Dalton for ignoring her when she's crying

**buildingigloos** (9): okayyy divorce

**goro\_akechi\_apologist** (9): Great

**sweetnsoursauce11** (9): some of her best storytelling. ""i fall asleep crying, you don't want to hear me"" is heartbreaking

**ConnerY2323** (8.9): she’s gonna be singing this at cynthia in a year’s time

**RandomHypnotica** (8.6): WISH that was my problem

**Ambrosia42** (8.2): this situationship has to end…

**akane** (8): “I fall asleep crying, you turn up the tv” singlehandedly undid months of damage from the Ethan affair…

**blankspacejrr** (8): just gorgeous song top down

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (8): I kinda always forget that this song exists, but it’s such a pretty little bop. It’s a pleasant surprise every time I listen to the album!

**CrimsonROSET** (8): I know discourse but I am rooting for her after everything (minus the pete davison stuff that was just)

**EtenKillbeat** (8): solid

**frogaranaman** (8): there is a lot of disorganized attachment style in this album

**mustwinfullgaming** (8): I really like this as the less self-confident and more vulnerable version of the last song. It's more chill production wise, as well as lyrically, but it hits just as well. Her voice just sounds fantastic here throughout.

**Turpamutteri** (8): her voice is so pretty

**Verboten\_Prince** (8): For your sake I hope you don’t Ariana

**wasian-invasion** (8): is she calling her last marriage a situationship or is she referring to cynthia",5.0
mz1kqm2,seanderlust,I can't think of another hint for this so I'll go with an obvious one that's also a genuine piece of life advice from an old: do NOT get back with your ex.,2.0
mz1kgt6,DilemmaOfAHedgehog,I hated yes and? As a single but loved in the context of the album so i have no idea where thats going,1.0
mz1jtxo,Brilliant-Primary500,"This song deserved a higher rating, the acoustic version is easily the best one here ",2.0
mz1jquw,seanderlust,"# [#32: Ariana Grande - imperfect for you](https://imgur.com/a/ptH7Of5)

---

**Average:** 7.242 **// Total Points:** 948.7 **// Controversy:** 2.070

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/zqx2rIu) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/DqG1G5n3)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x2) ChopperRCRG, EtenKillbeat

(10 x14) ahsweeknd, akane, Alumineous, BleepBloopMusicFan, ChrisAqua, Content\_, emayzee, giraffiecathie, guts\_spilled, innuendo\_overdose, Sallynoraa, sweetnsoursauce11, UltimateTaco, wathombe

(9.5 x1) Agreeable\_Pianist644

(9 x15) buildingigloos, Daydream1995Forever, Dilemmaofahedgehog, doctypeppy, dreamingpastel, jaztinax, jirachi, kauai6, n00bi3pjs, nonchalantthoughts, PSSST12, runaway3212, SnoreLux1, stealthamo, Stryxen

(8.5 x3) DaHumanTorch, Fair-Profile-8367, medusaOP500


**Lowest Scores:**

(3 x4) darj, goorry121, ImADudeDuh, Serious-Lake-1478

(2.5 x1) Nagisoid

(2 x2) iM\_a\_cAt\_i\_sAy\_meOW, thedirtiestdish

(0 x2) pbk, seanderlust


---

**pbk** (0): most clever ariana grande song

**seanderlust** (0): “I'm selfish, impatient, and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.” - Marilyn Monroe/the meme shared on Facebook by your high school bully.

---

**EtenKillbeat** (11): fucking scratches all the right places in my brain on every level

**ahsweeknd** (10): an absolute masterpiece. It’ll be hard for her to top this.

**akane** (10): I’ve heard it said that when it comes to ari, the uglier the man the better the music… and like… thank you SpongeBob because this is just too pretty

**Alumineous** (10): The SNL performance sold me on this song. I do love the double meaning. Imperfect for Dalton, “I’m perfect” for SpongeBob.

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (10): Pbk I’m not mad, I’m just disappointed.

**Content\_** (10): i looooovveeeed the SNL performance

**innuendo\_overdose** (10): I really wanna say that the way she says “imperfect for you” is the transcendence of the flight of Icarus without the fall, but I’m no y2k p4k, so I won’t

**Sallynoraa** (10): this is so different from her usual stuff i luuv it

**sweetnsoursauce11** (10): i adore the melodies, whenever i listen to this it gets stuck in my head

**UltimateTaco** (10): imperfect for yuh

**wathombe** (10): i’m alone in this, but i like the wordplay here; i like the acoustic guitar at the beginning and the slow, restrained beat, too

**buildingigloos** (9): the harmonies and the imperfect for yous are so good

**Dilemmaofahedgehog** (9): theres something very sweet and compelling about being so earnestly (or performing the emotion well) about meeting someone and crashing and burning. Makes up for the song mostly being the same verse repeated from different perspectives.

**doctypeppy** (9): Sure i like a song with a fun little chord but right on the words ""imperfect for you"" it's just so obvious .Idk still sounds good

**n00bi3pjs** (9): this song is almost perfect

**nonchalantthoughts** (9): but this song is almost perfect

**runaway3212** (9): the combination of imperfect and i'm perfect ohhh she was in her taylor bag so much

**Stryxen** (9): whattt is going on in this drum machine. and the way it's so imperfect i can't fault it … concept!",3.0
mz1jaod,seanderlust,"This next one...there were a lot of gags this rate, but this is one of the biggest for me.....",2.0
mz1ithw,DilemmaOfAHedgehog,Wont lie i don't stan ariana at all and I'd have to be convinced to not reject a ballot calling her a terrible singer,3.0
mz1ii8k,seanderlust,"# [#33: Taylor Swift - But Daddy I Love Him](https://imgur.com/a/0Gavbgc)

---

**Average:** 7.208 **// Total Points:** 944.3 **// Controversy:** 2.591

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/C7apDIY) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/eth7AwXB)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x2) goorry121, the tortured flava department

(10 x23) 1998tweety, ahsweeknd, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, asadprofessorplum, BleepBloopMusicFan, blueberries929, ChrisAqua, Content\_, guts\_spilled, hikk, IIIHenryIII, jimmyrollinsdurag, jirachi, modulum83, Nagisoid, pbk, PSSST12, RandomHypnotica, Restless\_Dill16, seanderlust, SFbby, sweetnsoursauce11, wathombe

(9.5 x3) nonchalantthoughts, omgthenerve, stealthamo

(9.2 x1) Soalai

(9 x15) Agreeable\_Pianist644, AlternativelyListed, Alumineous, belaalbuquerque, bichonoturno, DangerousPresent96, dreamingpastel, FitzMarble, goro\_akechi\_apologist, ImADudeDuh, Last\_Slide, mylps9, slimboyfriend, Turpamutteri, Upset\_syrup\_371

(8.6 x1) emayzee

(8.5 x4) Ambrosia42, avg-vag, bigbigbee, Friendly-Canary-3814

(8.4 x1) jman457


**Lowest Scores:**

(2.5 x1) team\_kockroach

(2 x4) apatel27, iM\_a\_cAt\_i\_sAy\_meOW, TiltControls, Treecoh

(1 x4) frogaranaman, impla77, jackisboredtoday, Nerfeveryone

(0 x3) akane, buildingigloos, Dilemmaofahedgehog


---

**pbk** (10): i already said my piece about this one in my writeup but it’s good fuck matty healy

**seanderlust** (10): I clowned this song so hard on release night but I have to eat my words - it has grown on me a lot! It just feels so freeing and defiant - love the way she says “I’ll tell you something right now, you ain’t gotta pray for me” and “all the wine moms are still holding out but fuck ‘em, it’s over.” 

I’ll allude again to something I alluded to in my aimee comment - if you want to enjoy this song, forget who it’s about and relate it to a time when maybe you dated somebody that literally all your friends hated ~~and they ended up being right about everything in the long run but you know, let’s just ignore that for right now~~

---

**goorry121** (11): you can tell that she entered that studio mad as hell and i love it

**the tortured flava department** (11): okay first off. It is impeccable this comes after So Long, London. Which had Taylor with a dark and decayed resentment onto a song that is so injected with escapist revelry and desperation it may as well be her Born To Run. And secondly this is a combination of everything I've wanted from a Taylor song, it's got a country-ish rollick to it. The songwriting is just so fucking good and she squeezes every ounce of venom out of every line targeting her own fans for calling her out for dating Matty Healy. And you know what, she's right to call them out, anyone with a shred of integrity could see they weren't doing it out cause they were morally concerned, it was about being able to control and pressure “your fave” into doing what they deem necessary (and yes Taylor paralleling those fans to that type of suburban Christian neighbour who is way too nosy and extremely nasty is just correct). And yes it isn't the “right” choice, but it was an honest choice, to follow your heart and try to turn an extremely messy rebound into something so grand and in your face, with imagery that is both provocative and joyous, it just speaks to the romantic soul that resides in me. It speaks to my soul. Even if the choice ultimately wrecks her in end. In the end the ethos of this song is who's gonna make my mistakes if I don't, and that just makes sense",5.0
mz1i19k,Brilliant-Primary500,"But Daddy, NOOOOOOOO!",3.0
mz1hu7c,seanderlust,remember that time when childish gambino sampled a disney movie in Worldstar? that was kind of a banger tbh,3.0
mz1hu4h,Brilliant-Primary500,I feel like there's 13-14 songs from Cowboy Carter going into Day 3,1.0
mz1hdho,seanderlust,"# [#34: Ariana Grande - true story](https://imgur.com/a/oW38N6t)

---

**Average:** 7.182 **// Total Points:** 940.8 **// Controversy:** 1.831

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/WOtDidL) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/b2fCAPtr)

---

**Highest scores:**

(10 x15) Agreeable\_Pianist644, ahsweeknd, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, apatel27, buildingigloos, ChrisAqua, ConnerY2323, DaHumanTorch, guts\_spilled, ignitethephoenix, jaztinax, MasterWizardRyan, pbk, Stryxen, UltimateTaco

(9.2 x1) FreeCuddlesAnyone

(9 x7) 1998tweety, bichonoturno, BleepBloopMusicFan, krusso1105, medusaOP500, SFbby, ss2811

(8.9 x1) Ambrosia42

(8.7 x1) jackisboredtoday

(8.5 x6) ArcaneLabyrinth, avg-vag, FitzMarble, Restless\_Dill16, team\_kockroach, wathombe


**Lowest Scores:**

(3 x3) iM\_a\_cAt\_i\_sAy\_meOW, modulum83, pig-serpent

(2 x2) Awkward\_King, uiscebeathaoir


---

**pbk** (10): robbed!!!!! i was gagging idc i love this sound for her

**seanderlust** (8): i kind of love the theme of this song - ariana just heard all the negative press and homewrecking rumors (of which she was eventually cleared!! Blame spongebob, not ari thank you very much!) and just went “bet. I’m the bad guy.” unfortunately, it’s just a very good song for me - not quite a 10 - and it taps out mid-day 2.

---

**ahsweeknd** (10): “and I’ll be good at it too” the Oscar nomination backing up this point.

**apatel27** (10): RIP Aaliyah you would've loved this tribute act

**buildingigloos** (10): it's like Don't Hurt Yourself off Lemonade was funkier/groovier

**ConnerY2323** (10): this beat… a trunk rattler

**ignitethephoenix** (10): even if she is messy, she is somewhat self aware

**Stryxen** (10): this is an amazing song with a lot of charisma and personality and amazing best but I love to point out “ill play the villain if you need me to” recontextualising the boy is mine and yes and to becoming satire about her public persona in light of honestly pointless controversies and then even further reinforcing that aspect of we can't be friends which are the next three tracks SMARTIANA WE LOVE YOU

**UltimateTaco** (10): bwomp

**1998tweety** (9): the beat is nasty

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (9): Oh BITCH. This one kinda sticks out pretty badly on the album sonically, but also we don’t care.

**team\_kockroach** (8.5): Imagine a guest rapper over this beat though. That’d be so fucking fun.

**wathombe** (8.5): “and i’ll be good in it, too” is such a great line

**asadprofessorplum** (8): Me realizing every relationship in this rate these women are singing about is a PR nightmare.

**CrimsonROSET** (8): her vocals are so insane

**Dilemmaofahedgehog** (8): i do find it also really compelling how all three women clearly write about gossip about them to different degrees off success or interest (taylor just has so much more on ttpd and they're longer so its easier to get more from those songs at least lyrically) but i also i really do like when her or taylor talk about being lonely or not having the love they constantly sing about because thats become their job more or less.

**goro\_akechi\_apologist** (8): Yay vocals

**jman457** (8): its giving 90’s r&amp;b in the best way

**n00bi3pjs** (8): songs with gimme love in the chorus never go wrong

**Nerfeveryone** (8): Beltiana! Love when Ariana just goes for it with her vocals.

**Poydoo** (8): THIS IS THE STORY OF A GIRL,, WHO CRIED A RIVER AND DROWNED THE WHOLE WORLD

**sweetnsoursauce11** (8): a song has NEVER begged more for a bridge.",2.0
mz1hbpl,seanderlust,"Look, I gotta be transparent with you all. I made that last bit up. I don't remember any past lives. Sorry.

I guess I just wanted to be honest that that little anecdote wasn't entirely a",2.0
mz1h7cj,Brilliant-Primary500,I feel like i wish i hated you should've been crossed out eons ago.,0.0
mz1ggz8,seanderlust,"# [#35: Ariana Grande - past life](https://imgur.com/a/OscgA8I)

---

**Average:** 7.181 **// Total Points:** 940.7 **// Controversy:** 1.830

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/i5CoaDd) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/FC5izU2B)

**Highest scores:**

(10 x12) 1998tweety, ahsweeknd, Alumineous, bran, ChopperRCRG, ChrisAqua, ConnerY2323, DaHumanTorch, kauai6, n00bi3pjs, ss2811, sweetnsoursauce11

(9.5 x2) darj, omgthenerve

(9.2 x1) emayzee

(9 x11) apatel27, Frajer, Friendly-Canary-3814, giraffiecathie, jimmyrollinsdurag, Last\_Slide, MasterWizardRyan, MikeOcks, mustwinfullgaming, thedirtiestdish, TiltControls

(8.6 x2) Agreeable\_Pianist644, RandomHypnotica

(8.5 x6) asadprofessorplum, belaalbuquerque, BleepBloopMusicFan, Restless\_Dill16, seanderlust, Serious-Lake-1478


**Lowest Scores:**

(2 x3) card114, Content\_, innuendo\_overdose

(1 x1) IIIHenryIII


---

**seanderlust** (8.5): be honest - did this and Hampstead only make mid-day two because we were all sick and tired of rating at this point in the playlist? Not saying I entirely disagree, but this is kind of a bop! The instrumental is just okay but for me Ariana’s vocals shine here for some reason.

**pbk** (4): it’s fine. you try writing something interesting about 71 songs wise guy

---

**1998tweety** (10): best of the deluxe tracks

**ahsweeknd** (10): AN ELEVEN IF IM BEING SO HONEST

**Alumineous** (10): She kinda slayed with the lyrics here. And the way she sang ""Maybe I'm the stranger after all"". Chillllls.

**bran** (10): could listen to this pre chorus on repeat for hours

**ConnerY2323** (10): holy shit the strings, the album cover is a live shot of me listening to this for the first time

**n00bi3pjs** (10): I wish this was the closing track though

**sweetnsoursauce11** (10): and if i said this was one of the best songs in this rate, what would ya'll say then???? the pre-chorus alone is one of her best

**darj** (9.5): my jaw is on the floor why did Ari wake up just for the deluxe I’m screaming

**Frajer** (9): okay Maggie Rogers

**jimmyrollinsdurag** (9): see how lyrics and instrumentals can come together to make a song good rather than fighting against each other

**mustwinfullgaming** (9): As Rebecca Black would say, EAT! EAT! EAT! EAT! Another fantastic song. Ariana sounds so good here. So does the production. Just stunning all around. How is she this good at music? Stop acting, come back to music pleaseeeee. We need you.

**thedirtiestdish** (9): sooooogoooooddd

**RandomHypnotica** (8.6): why are these strings giving mis-teeq

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (8.5): Why did she randomly decide to drop the best set of deluxe songs I’ve heard in several years???

**akane** (8): vocals oml

**goro\_akechi\_apologist** (8): Music for when you're in the middle of a JRPG and things are starting to get serious

**Nerfeveryone** (8): Beltiana is back!

**nooodisaster** (8): Objectively this should send gays feral, but it's just a hair too long, or needs just 1 more switch up. Like a killer bridge would've made this a 10 or 11.

**oh\_crow** (8): this entire era she had no misses wow (musically speaking)

**Sallynoraa** (8): for the vocals!

**Soalai** (8): Oh wow, a song that's not just whispery. The dark strings give it a different vibe to all the other songs, which is very much needed",3.0
mz1gbwx,seanderlust,"Those last two...eliminations so bad I astral projected back to a time when there was no internet and I didnt' have to see things like this. I wasn't alive then of course...at least, not in my current form...",2.0
mz1f7m6,seanderlust,"
# [#36: Taylor Swift - Fortnight (feat. Post Malone)](https://imgur.com/a/i6rcggM)

---

**Average:** 7.131 **// Total Points:** 934.2 **// Controversy:** 1.977

---

[Rate Graph](https://imgur.com/KHYE3UB) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/dFErWmff)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x3) darj, innuendo\_overdose, modulum83

(10 x14) BleepBloopMusicFan, CrimsonROSET, DangerousPresent96, Daydream1995Forever, hikk, IIIHenryIII, jirachi, joeeswift, kauai6, Nagisoid, RandomHypnotica, seanderlust, Stryxen, the tortured flava department

(9.4 x1) pheromenos

(9 x12) Alumineous, Ambrosia42, ArcaneLabyrinth, caaathyx, FitzMarble, Frajer, MikeOcks, pbk, runaway3212, SFbby, Turpamutteri, UltimateTaco

(8.5 x5) belaalbuquerque, blueberries929, ricki, Serious-Lake-1478, wathombe

(8.4 x1) impla77


**Lowest Scores:**

(2.5 x1) pig-serpent

(1 x1) Nerfeveryone


---

**seanderlust** (10): this song took a while to grow on me and I have to purposefully ignore the ~edgy~ taylor swift face tattoo imagery in the mv to give it a 10, but i do think it is a 10. I think she does a very good Blue Nile vamp here, the build is immaculate, and to his credit Post Malone sounds great on the bridge. Unfortunately, the response was more mixed here and we say goodbye to the first lead single of the rate.

P.S. ""I love you, it's ruining my life"" still goes hard as a line idc idc

**pbk** (9): ykno it’s nowhere near my favorite song on the album but it continues the streak of taylor lead singles not doing too hot in rates. obv smack dab in the middle isn’t awful but i think this song deserved a bit better considering it’s below the other lead single in this rate which is actually horrid",2.0
mz1exu9,seanderlust,"That one was honestly painful. I loved that song. But hey, that has to be the last beloved taylor cut for a while, right? ...right?",1.0
mz1e72q,seanderlust,"# [#37: Taylor Swift - So Long, London](https://imgur.com/a/5LZg3M3)

---

**Average:** 7.094 **// Total Points:** 929.3 **// Controversy:** 2.386

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/FEefth7) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/fnSEcvrk)

---

**Highest scores:**

(11 x4) Lipe18090, mustwinfullgaming, omgthenerve, stealthamo

(10 x21) 1998tweety, ahsweeknd, Alumineous, blueberries929, CarlieScion, Content\_, FitzMarble, FreeCuddlesAnyone, giraffiecathie, goorry121, goro\_akechi\_apologist, guts\_spilled, IIIHenryIII, jman457, mylps9, pbk, Stryxen, the tortured flava department, thedirtiestdish, Turpamutteri, uiscebeathaoir

(9.5 x3) DangerousPresent96, Nagisoid, seanderlust

(9.3 x1) EtenKillbeat

(9.2 x1) emayzee

(9 x9) Alternative\_Yam\_2699, ChrisAqua, darj, Frajer, itookyourmatches, jimmyrollinsdurag, Last\_Slide, nt96, Serious-Lake-1478

(8.5 x5) belaalbuquerque, cinnamonpretzel1989, krusso1105, medusaOP500, modulum83

(8.4 x1) pheromenos


**Lowest Scores:**

(2 x2) innuendo\_overdose, pig-serpent

(1 x1) DaHumanTorch

(0 x1) apatel27


---

**pbk** (10): honestly i had this song as like an 8 before the rate but reading so many bad takes on it really boldened my opinion and now i like it a lot more. i really like her vocal cadence on this one and you really feel the hurt and complicated feelings that come with losing a relationship that you had dedicated literally almost 20% of your life to

**seanderlust** (9.5): Now THIS robbery is foul. As much as I love rightful anger Taylor or played-straight heartbreak Taylor, I love when she dives into more complicated emotions like she does here. This take on a breakup - that she tried to support him but she just doesn’t have it in her and she wants to be mad but she just can’t bring herself to be genuinely pissed off for anything other than the relationship’s inevitable failure - is very well-expressed here. Also gotta politely disagree with some of the comments here - I think the use of momentum in this one, while understated, was very well-done.

---

**mustwinfullgaming** (11): I honestly think this is Taylor Swift's best 'Track 5'. When this track name was revealed, I was worried it was going to be an immature response to a years long relationship ended. But it does so in a beautiful and harrowing way. It doesn't actually paint a picture of an awful partner, but one of sad incompatibility. It is not a diss track. The last part of the song proves that. The production does it wonders, starting with a really cool choir like section (which comes back later in the last chorus). The beat really makes it a standout song too. It's like The Archer but better for me in production. The bridge being more intense with the chant like vocals in the background makes it a fantastic part of the song. It's a really mature song about the end of a relationship that wasn't really to be. And it has some of the most interesting production on the album.

**stealthamo** (11): A highlight of Taylor's lyricism as she somehow leads you through all the stages of grief of a lost relationship in 4 minutes.",1.0
mz1e6gr,Brilliant-Primary500,As I expected ,1.0
mz1dvmd,Brilliant-Primary500,Levii Jeans can't come any sooner...,-1.0
mz1dvab,seanderlust,Sorry to see Hampstead go a few cuts ago still. I'm getting on my plane though...guess my vacation is over :(,2.0
mz1clec,seanderlust,"# [#38: Ariana Grande - dandelion](https://imgur.com/a/m62ul1M)

---

**Average:** 7.085 **// Total Points:** 928.1 **// Controversy:** 2.012

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/izeE4pa) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/U4xPzhXc)

---
**Highest scores:**

(11 x1) ss2811

(10 x10) ahsweeknd, apatel27, bran, ChopperRCRG, ConnerY2323, DaHumanTorch, darj, MasterWizardRyan, raggedy-princess, sweetnsoursauce11

(9.5 x3) 1998tweety, FitzMarble, wathombe

(9 x15) Alumineous, ArcaneLabyrinth, blankspacejrr, Brilliant-Primary500, ChrisAqua, CrimsonROSET, DangerousPresent96, Daydream1995Forever, kauai6, krusso1105, medusaOP500, mustwinfullgaming, mylps9, n00bi3pjs, Stryxen

(8.5 x11) akane, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, cinnamonpretzel1989, hikk, ignitethephoenix, innuendo\_overdose, jaztinax, nonchalantthoughts, nooodisaster, runaway3212, SparkySam100


**Lowest Scores:**

(2 x2) card114, MikeOcks

(1 x1) Content\_

(0 x1) nt96


---

Rank Graph // All Scores

---

**pbk** (6): these sure are some lyrics huh

**seanderlust** (6): this is not 0.3/10 points better than i wish i hated you. Sorry i’m still bitter about that one.

---

**ahsweeknd** (10): deserved a better visual

**apatel27** (10): gets extra points for the beat

**bran** (10): she got possessed by thank u next for a quick moment

**ConnerY2323** (10): she knew the original album was too sad so gave us a legs spread anthem as a little treat

**darj** (10): where was this on the main album????????????????

**MasterWizardRyan** (10): oh she went back to her roots for this

**sweetnsoursauce11** (10): she knew what she was doing when that beat kicked in!!! as a podcaster i listen to said ""it was too much caucasity for her, she had to go back to her ROOTS""

**1998tweety** (9.5): okayyy sex

**wathombe** (9.5): this banger, on the other hand, grabbed me pretty quickly

**Alumineous** (9): Okay, there is a Carly Rae Jepsen song that reminds me of this song. No Drug Like Me?

**blankspacejrr** (9): blackiana grande is back

**Brilliant-Primary500** (9): imagining Ethan ""planting"" his seed on Ariana is a very horrifying thought and I'd like to bleach my head out, thanks.

**CrimsonROSET** (9): this deluxe being so good she saw the Grammy results and was mad as hell

**krusso1105** (9): More pop songs need saxophone intros

**mustwinfullgaming** (9): Instrument time! Fun little intro, with a FUNNN transition into the song. STUNNING. I love the beat. Fantastic. Show stopping. Never been done before. IT'S SO CATCHY AND SO GOOD. Like there's actually not that much to it but it's also so CATCHY.

**n00bi3pjs** (9): This song reminds me of Thank U Next era idk why.

**Stryxen** (9): i hate this in an extremely interesting way

**cinnamonpretzel1989** (8.5): I’m such a sucker for this style of trumpet playing

**innuendo\_overdose** (8.5): crazy how this is knockoff discard refuse that dances on the corpses of “““technically better””” songs on the tracklist. horns.

**jaztinax** (8.5): when the trumpet started playing she had me immediately

**nonchalantthoughts** (8.5): we love jazz trap!

**nooodisaster** (8.5): Idk if it's Sinners but this keeps growing on me

**runaway3212** (8.5): this is good but slightly overhyped for me

**asadprofessorplum** (8): A moment of holding space for this song’s elim

**Awkward\_King** (8): asia o'hara:

**iM\_a\_cAt\_i\_sAy\_meOW** (8): Something something his sap ferment in the woods

**oh\_crow** (8): oh i want that instrumental to be further expanded on somehow its a little muted but it has so much potential thats almost fully realised!

**TakeOnMeByA-ha** (8): hold up this production goes crazy, can we just get a whole ariana album of her singing over glitch pop?

**UltimateTaco** (8): this is both cunty asf and really poorly put together I have absolutely no clue how to score it

**wasian-invasion** (8): https://www.tiktok.com/@mad.day_/video/6989210005538901250?lang=en

**goro\_akechi\_apologist** (7.5): Nice even though it really should've gone harder and jazzier with it",2.0
mz1cazj,seanderlust,"what's everyone sipping on right now while we reveal? me, i have a tea that's made out of a pretty common plant..it's always so cool when people can do that. :)",2.0
mz1bvt1,Brilliant-Primary500,"At this point, I fear she'll only get 2-3 songs for Day 3",3.0
mz1bmuj,Brilliant-Primary500,"Thank goodness, it's not my favorite.",1.0
mz1blxl,seanderlust,"# [#39: Taylor Swift - The Bolter](https://imgur.com/a/eEOsIVo)

---

**Average:** 7.039 **// Total Points:** 922.1 **// Controversy:** 2.110

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/AXuM8vK) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/RXXDj6Ra)

---

**Highest scores:**

(10 x21) ahsweeknd, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, belaalbuquerque, CarlieScion, cinnamonpretzel1989, Content\_, darj, FitzMarble, goorry121, joeeswift, MikeOcks, modulum83, Nagisoid, nooodisaster, pbk, poppinmmolly, PSSST12, Serious-Lake-1478, SFbby, Stryxen, thedirtiestdish

(9.9 x1) impla77

(9.6 x1) blueberries929

(9.5 x1) medusaOP500

(9.1 x1) SparkySam100

(9 x8) ambitiousbulbasaur, DangerousPresent96, Danielqbf, IIIHenryIII, jirachi, krusso1105, omgthenerve, Turpamutteri

(8.8 x1) stealthamo

(8.5 x3) avg-vag, Last\_Slide, the tortured flava department

(8.2 x1) Soalai


**Lowest Scores:**

(2.6 x1) innuendo\_overdose

(2 x1) TragicKingdom1

(1 x1) runaway3212

(0 x1) blankspacejrr


---

**pbk** (10): i’m glad to see this doing relatively well because it is such a little gem of a song and i think if it were on folkmore people would have much nicer things to say about it.

---

**ahsweeknd** (10): The production for the bridge went off

**FitzMarble** (10): the bridge!!!

**modulum83** (10): Boygenius-coded Taylor continues to hit a perfect streak. I instantly imagine this song in a coming of age film, playing as the protagonist concludes her journey, set in a small town on a beautiful autumn day. But the lyrics are more complex than they let on - it's such a thoughtful inspection of her own lack of ability to commit to a relationship, every boy she's been with playing out in montage, loving and leaving all of them - the metatextual references to getaway cars and knowing he was trouble when he walks in. It's a realization that feels like an epiphany for her, and when the chorus ends on ""she fell through the ice, then came out alive"" it feels like clarity.

**Nagisoid** (10): The concept of there being escape in escaping

**nooodisaster** (10): Gives Pixar vibes in that it's really good and Pixar movies are really good

**Stryxen** (10): take me back to that September when the air smelled like There's escape in escaping

**thedirtiestdish** (10): she knows me fr

**impla77** (9.9): anyway this may have been my 11 but i just can’t get over the awkward all her fucking lives line at such a pivotal moment of the chorus. everything else i love!

**blueberries929** (9.6): Getaway Car: The Early Years

**ambitiousbulbasaur** (9): Musically, this song fucking bangs. I love it. Also really interesting narrative take on her own experiences, I love when she does the storytelling approach that she's so good at. My one issue is the cuss in ""all her fucking lives"" feels so forced -- this is one situation where the clean version is actually far superior.

**IIIHenryIII** (9): so simple, yet so catchy

**Soalai** (8.2): Lyrics-wise, this is a really interesting psychoanalysis that probably blends real life and fiction. The production isn't the most unique but at least it has some sway and something that resembles drums. Very evermorian

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (8): A whole song about how Taylor has dated and broken up with a whole bunch of dudes? 2010 called…

**Brilliant-Primary500** (8): If this was actual ending to this album, it would've been a great closer.

**buildingigloos** (8): reminds me of august (the song)

**Frajer** (8): started with a kiss we must stop meeting like this it was only a kiss it was only a kiss",3.0
mz1bhca,Brilliant-Primary500,"Oh my fucking god, please.... don't ",2.0
mz1bb39,seanderlust,who's everyone's favorite superhero? ~~for the purposes of this rate hint~~ mine is the flash,3.0
mz1aukg,Brilliant-Primary500,"What the fuck r/popheads?
What is it with y'all hating ballads like this?",1.0
mz1ap4y,boopbeepbadoop,honest question bc i have not submitted rates before - do people tend to rate in a serious way or do people rate songs as 10s and 1s to purposely raise or lower them. or is it kind of a mix of both lol,4.0
mz1ao1t,seanderlust,"# [#40: Ariana Grande - Hampstead](https://imgur.com/a/TuUhrI3)

---

**Average:** 7.027 **// Total Points:** 920.5 **// Controversy:** 2.088

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/jqJuHvZ) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/RskBvcAT)

---

**Highest scores:**

(10 x16) ahsweeknd, ArcaneLabyrinth, asadprofessorplum, belaalbuquerque, blankspacejrr, Brilliant-Primary500, ChopperRCRG, Content\_, CrimsonROSET, doctypeppy, electricboogaloo41, Fair-Profile-8367, jirachi, lexiaredery, sweetnsoursauce11, wathombe

(9.5 x1) agreen3636

(9 x14) akane, bran, DangerousPresent96, frogaranaman, Last\_Slide, MasterWizardRyan, medusaOP500, omgthenerve, Sallynoraa, seanderlust, SnoreLux1, ss2811, Stryxen, the tortured flava department

(8.6 x1) nonchalantthoughts

(8.5 x6) Agreeable\_Pianist644, avg-vag, BleepBloopMusicFan, FitzMarble, jasannn, TakeOnMeByA-ha

(8.3 x1) jman457

(8.1 x1) EtenKillbeat


**Lowest Scores:**

(3.2 x1) RandomHypnotica

(3 x4) ImADudeDuh, itookyourmatches, Nagisoid, Serious-Lake-1478

(2.5 x1) IIIHenryIII

(2 x2) card114, innuendo\_overdose

(1.5 x1) uiscebeathaoir

---

**seanderlust** (9): oh you know the theater kid arianators were BELTING this one backstage during rehearsal when it came out.

**pbk** (4): honestly i considered going back and lowering my score for this after relistening but my ari average is already gonna get my hosting privileges called into question so i chose not to tempt fate. this is bad though.

---

**ahsweeknd** (10): a great closer, I didn’t think she’d be able to top ordinary things

**asadprofessorplum** (10): “Grande claims that this track is one of the best songs that she's ever written.” Well yes! Two of the best songs in this rate are about trauma dumping in a British bar.

**blankspacejrr** (10): always good to hear balladiana grande back in the game

**Brilliant-Primary500** (10): this song is soooo sad and almost made me tear up so much, easily the best song from the deluxe edition tracks.

**Content\_** (10): i usually don’t care for ballads but this one was so achingly beautiful, written so well, and made me cry. This song definitely benefitted from her short movie.

**CrimsonROSET** (10): ending her album with such a strong fuck you everyone… yeah she’s taking it

**doctypeppy** (10): the drama..

**lexiaredery** (10): I need more songs with a ""Frankly"" lyric

**sweetnsoursauce11** (10): BALLAD-IANA WE MISSED YOU!!! vocals came through. piano came through. emotion came through.

**wathombe** (10): straight fire

**agreen3636** (9.5): what the fuck she just popped off here with this incredible song. I actually got chills. Her vocals are so good here and what an interesting song! I think it's some of her most interesting lyrics. “Cause I think to be so dumb must be nice” lmfao girl this is amazing. What an end to this album I loved this.

**akane** (9): my heart…

**frogaranaman** (9): ""rather be Swimming with you than drowning in a crowded room"" so you never get over the loss of your true love, got it :/

**Sallynoraa** (9): this is how you do a ballad with your vocal range ariane

**Stryxen** (9): she sounds like camila ???😭 IS YOUUUU BABE

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (8.5): Ariana wrote one absolutely lovely closing track for this album and then damn she went ahead and wrote another one.

**TakeOnMeByA-ha** (8.5): am i too brainrotted or does this sound like strangers by ethel cain

**jman457** (8.3): I feel like we finally get to hear Ariana’s vocals sore here.

**EtenKillbeat** (8.1): much much better closer than ordinary things

**n00bi3pjs** (8): I don't like the throwback to pov in the lyrics but I like the growth and her sass.

**nooodisaster** (8): Somehow this is both devastatingly honest and also hilarious

**thedirtiestdish** (8): idk I just vibe with this

**ambitiousbulbasaur** (7.9): This is gorgeous, and I love when we just get to listen to Ari sing with a piano since its so rare (different tone, but this is why Jason's Song is one of my favorite tracks by her). Kind of neutral-lean-iffy on the lyrics at times, but just what a gorgeous song.

**blueberries929** (7.8): bitch why'd you capitalize the H, keep the aesthetic going!

**ConnerY2323** (7.6): ari and taylor crying somewhere in london meanwhile bey yeehawing in a dive bar",2.0
mz1amcz,Brilliant-Primary500,We gonna be in Texas?,1.0
mz1aiwt,seanderlust,"Well, we've been to Florida!!! we've been to the wild west...where else should we travel to today, popheads?",2.0
mz19soc,DilemmaOfAHedgehog,So funny to me when my tens for the other two get out,1.0
mz19jaf,seanderlust,"# [#41: Beyonce - SPAGHETTII](https://imgur.com/a/24z0FFh)

---

**Average:** 7.003 **// Total Points:** 917.4 **// Controversy:** 2.200

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/efXmVoq) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/dXzd61Y5)

**Highest scores:**

(10 x14) ahsweeknd, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, Alumineous, bran, buildingigloos, ChopperRCRG, MasterWizardRyan, MikeOcks, mylps9, Nerfeveryone, nt96, RandomHypnotica, runaway3212, wathombe

(9.5 x1) Serious-Lake-1478

(9.2 x1) DirtyRat583

(9 x18) akane, bichonoturno, ChrisAqua, DangerousPresent96, doctypeppy, electricboogaloo41, FitzMarble, Frajer, goro\_akechi\_apologist, ImADudeDuh, jaztinax, jirachi, krusso1105, Last\_Slide, n00bi3pjs, ss2811, Stryxen, thedirtiestdish

(8.5 x6) belaalbuquerque, cinnamonpretzel1989, ignitethephoenix, medusaOP500, nooodisaster, TragicKingdom1

(8.2 x1) ambitiousbulbasaur


**Lowest Scores:**

(2 x6) AlternativelyListed, darj, Daydream1995Forever, modulum83, Nagisoid, pig-serpent

(1 x1) Sallynoraa


---

**seanderlust** (8): it’s good! I do feel like the concept and the subject it’s discussing is more interesting than the track itself, and if I’m being honest I don’t see myself returning very much. Still, an ambitious concept from Bey that just narrowly crawls into day two.

**pbk** (7.5): this song is so fun she was robbed… genres ARE a funny little concept

---

**ahsweeknd** (10): a discography highlight

**Alumineous** (10): Yo, she's spitting.

**buildingigloos** (10): I AINT IN NO GANG BUT I GOT SHOOTERS AND THEY BANG BANG. fr I never thought I'd see Beyoncé do drill, I love the strings.

**Nerfeveryone** (10): I have to apologize Beyonce, I wasn't familiar with your rap game.

**nt96** (10): made a bowl of chef slayyyardee, sprinkled some pussmesan, a little cuntlantro, threw in some spicy motherballs and ATE IT UP

**RandomHypnotica** (10): not the ballot title missing a T…

**runaway3212** (10): There is so much to love here, but I especially love the monologue on genres and how they can be limiting, it feels very fitting for country, where artists get accused of selling out really quickly and unless they're taylor swift, lose a lot of sales over this, meanwhile black artists are always told they're not country enough

**wathombe** (10): i’m forever grateful for the introduction to shaboozey

**FitzMarble** (9): where’s the Beyonce review of infinity war??

**goro\_akechi\_apologist** (9): Part of me would have really liked a straight country album with no twists or surprises from Beyonce, but I am really glad now that she went in the “fuck you, country is anything I want it to be” direction starting with this song, it’s such a delightful thing to witness. The only problem is that I did not need it explained to me that genre is fake and holding us back I could've figured that out on my own

**n00bi3pjs** (9): The song would fit well on Renaissance if the instrumental was as banger as the lyrics are

**Stryxen** (9): The way I thought he said THAT BEYONCÉ VERSE WAS SHIT

**thedirtiestdish** (9): slaps

**ignitethephoenix** (8.5): the bop

**nooodisaster** (8.5): The intro alone is an 11 but Shaboozey's verse is a 3 sooo

**ambitiousbulbasaur** (8.2): So I LOVE the use of Linda here and how her little monologue speaks so perfectly to the thesis of the album, about this idea of bending and breaking the barriers of genre. Then the actual music part bangs -- or BANG BANG, you could say.

**agreen3636** (8): rapyonce got bars y’all

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (8): Strange, but cool! I would say this is my favorite of the 5 songs that didn’t make the original vinyl lol.

**frogaranaman** (8): Beyoncé, the second she hears a beat that's even slightly off-kilter: I got this

**nonchalantthoughts** (8): needs more sauce!

**Roxieloxie** (8): If Cowboy Carter is a stage production then this song is the one where I’d like to think we see Beyoncé come back out and directly address the listeners on the album since the first American Requiem almost as a ‘yeah what, I'm Beyoncé, what the hell are you gonna do about it’ I'm not sure if it's my favorite track to listen to outside the album, however I do like ‘reintroduction’ it serves here almost like an interlude/transition into the next section.

**UltimateTaco** (8): teasing a complete genre switch and going right back to country is actually very funny

**wasian-invasion** (8): I aint in no gang but im gnarly and i'm gang gang",2.0
mz19duv,seanderlust,who's hungry for another artist?,1.0
mz18u1e,uiscebeathaoir,The issue really is that no one can agree on which TTPD tracks are the good ones isn't it,8.0
mz18jvn,Brilliant-Primary500,BRUH,4.0
mz18j3r,seanderlust,"# [#42: Taylor Swift - loml](https://imgur.com/a/PneD8Jp)

---

**Average:** 6.963 **// Total Points:** 912.1 **// Controversy:** 2.500

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/3VeVwJt) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/Lie58SsQ)

**Highest scores:**

(11 x1) blueberries929

(10 x25) 1998tweety, ahsweeknd, Alumineous, CarlieScion, ChrisAqua, DangerousPresent96, darj, Daydream1995Forever, FitzMarble, giraffiecathie, guts\_spilled, IIIHenryIII, jirachi, Last\_Slide, MasterWizardRyan, Nagisoid, nooodisaster, pbk, poppinmmolly, PSSST12, Restless\_Dill16, Serious-Lake-1478, SFbby, Stryxen, the tortured flava department

(9.5 x1) EtenKillbeat

(9.3 x1) modulum83

(9 x11) Alternative\_Yam\_2699, avg-vag, belaalbuquerque, BleepBloopMusicFan, Danielqbf, DevilsOfLoudun, electricboogaloo41, FreeCuddlesAnyone, medusaOP500, MikeOcks, Soalai

(8.8 x1) SparkySam100

(8.7 x1) Ambrosia42

(8.5 x4) cinnamonpretzel1989, ConnerY2323, jasannn, stealthamo

(8.4 x1) caaathyx


**Lowest Scores:**

(2.5 x2) ambitiousbulbasaur, asadprofessorplum

(2 x2) Dilemmaofahedgehog, iM\_a\_cAt\_i\_sAy\_meOW

(1 x3) Awkward\_King, ImADudeDuh, uiscebeathaoir

(0 x1) TakeOnMeByA-ha


---

**pbk** (10): this should be significantly higher that bridge is BULLETPROOF the girls that get it get it i guess

**seanderlust** (8): it’s pretty good, if a little wordy.

---

**blueberries929** (11): I could write an entire essay explaining why this is the best song of all time but the Swiftologist already made a 40 minute video doing just that so uhhhh go watch it?

**1998tweety** (10): I kinda hated this song at first cause I thought the loml name was corny but it grew overtime

**ahsweeknd** (10): putting I can do it with a broken heart after this was evil

**Alumineous** (10): Ugh, I wish this was about Joe, but he doesn't give off cinephile or someone who likes impressionist paintings. I'm shocked she made one of her most raw songs about a momentary relationship with Matty.

**CarlieScion** (10): you lowdown boy, you stand-up guy!!!!!

**darj** (10): this one makes me emotional 😭

**FitzMarble** (10): “I’ll never leave/ never mind” floored

**IIIHenryIII** (10): cringe? maybe corny? yes! heartbreaking? definitely

**Nagisoid** (10): I know Grouper was mad as hell Taylor made this song before she did

**nooodisaster** (10): The best song here, no question. It's like each piano key is weighed down by regret, each line laced with resignation.

**PSSST12** (10): One of her best ballads ever. Greatly written and sung. Matty Healy will burn in hell TRUST

**Restless\_Dill16** (10): The bridge and final chorus are a gut punch every time.

**Stryxen** (10): desolating, “Dancing phantoms on the terrace, are they second hand embarrassed that I can’t get out of bed, ‘cuz something counterfeit is dead?” is a brilliant thesis statement for the whole album, the past and public jeering at her missteps despite the horrible mental state she was in, and this song alone is full of beautiful contradictory lyrics and with a perfect haunting piano line and chord progression. TTPD is only something a very rich and famous woman could make but i still find a lot of relatability in the concepts of being haunted by your obvious regrets and mistakes when you know you deserve some grace, and beautiful soft music with extremely poetic lyrics is always a win for me mama

**the tortured flava department** (10): I love this song but why did she use the word cinephile like it was a slur",4.0
mz18e5y,agreen3636,Omg really? Y'all killed Clara Bow when there's still actual TTPD slop left?,7.0
mz18crs,seanderlust,well...sometimes all you can really say is LOL,1.0
mz17vtc,seanderlust,"# [#43: Taylor Swift - Clara Bow](https://imgur.com/a/bTvyJ4U)

---

**Average:** 6.864 **// Total Points:** 899.2 **// Controversy:** 2.158

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/T0pns6G) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/ZZG4JBLm)

**Highest scores:**

(10 x16) ahsweeknd, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, bigbigbee, BleepBloopMusicFan, guts\_spilled, ImADudeDuh, modulum83, Nagisoid, pheromenos, PSSST12, seanderlust, Serious-Lake-1478, Stryxen, the tortured flava department, thedirtiestdish, uiscebeathaoir

(9.5 x2) 1998tweety, Soalai

(9 x11) ChrisAqua, cinnamonpretzel1989, darj, Daydream1995Forever, Frajer, goro\_akechi\_apologist, IIIHenryIII, impla77, nooodisaster, Restless\_Dill16, wathombe

(8.7 x1) blueberries929

(8.5 x5) DangerousPresent96, FitzMarble, jasannn, ricki, slimboyfriend

(8.3 x1) emayzee


**Lowest Scores:**

(3.5 x2) pig-serpent, Poydoo

(3 x6) bran, caaathyx, CrimsonROSET, lexiaredery, n00bi3pjs, SFbby

(2 x4) apatel27, card114, DaHumanTorch, kauai6


---

**seanderlust** (10): gorgeous song, feels like a spiritual successor to the last great american dynasty in terms of tying a history of women to the present. There are so many small moments in here that i love - “it’s hell on earth to be heavenly”, the “you look like” hook. This is a great example of why i wish instead of a double album she had just cut like half the songs in here- this is a phenomenal closer. After all of the messy, post-breakup emotions we’ve seen thus far, concluding the final song with “the future’s bright/dazzling” feels like closure ~~lowkey, it feels like closure a lot more than the actual full 31 track closer feels like.~~ in any case, lowkey robbed. This deserved late day two, early day 3 imo.

**pbk** (8): this actually grew on me literally right after the rate closed i’d prob bump this up a point or two now but that’s fine my average is high enough.

---

### you...look...like... comments

**bigbigbee** (10): You. Look. Like. :leshawnball:

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (10): You…look…like…Ava Max.

**Nagisoid** (10): You... look... like... Leah Kate!

**wasian-invasion** (6): you look like a chop hoe

**TakeOnMeByA-ha** (5): you….look….like……PORTER ROBINSON

**DaHumanTorch** (2): you...look....like....taylor swift.",3.0
mz17syz,Brilliant-Primary500,I also don't know her too,2.0
mz17p3b,seanderlust,I'm gonna keep it real with you chiefs...I don't have a hint for this next one because I'm still not 100% sure who it is,2.0
mz17a9d,seanderlust,"# [#44: Ariana Grande - i wish i hated you](https://imgur.com/a/0JPSJIF)

---

**Average:** 6.795 **// Total Points:** 890.1 **// Controversy:** 2.312

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/g0t4Jj9) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/q6UFXyhy)

---

**Highest scores:**

(10 x22) ahsweeknd, Alumineous, asadprofessorplum, blankspacejrr, BleepBloopMusicFan, ChopperRCRG, ChrisAqua, DangerousPresent96, Dilemmaofahedgehog, dreamingpastel, FitzMarble, goro\_akechi\_apologist, guts\_spilled, jirachi, MasterWizardRyan, n00bi3pjs, nooodisaster, PSSST12, RandomHypnotica, Restless\_Dill16, runaway3212, Stryxen

(9.5 x4) Fair-Profile-8367, Nerfeveryone, seanderlust, TiltControls

(9 x8) doctypeppy, electricboogaloo41, EtenKillbeat, jaztinax, lexiaredery, sweetnsoursauce11, Turpamutteri, wathombe

(8.5 x1) jimmyrollinsdurag

(8.3 x1) kauai6

(8.2 x1) pheromenos

(8.1 x1) modulum83


**Lowest Scores:**

(2 x3) Content\_, itookyourmatches, UltimateTaco

(1 x3) Awkward\_King, Sallynoraa, uiscebeathaoir


---

**seanderlust** (9.5): I love the little voice crack on the second chorus. You can tell how sincere she is singing this. This song ranking under my 0 is a personal affront. Early day two?! Be so for real popheads.

**pbk** (5): wii menu type beat

---

Rank Graph // All Scores

**ahsweeknd** (10): i just love how open she was in this album.

**asadprofessorplum** (10): Can’t relate, I’m a professional hater and clocked in.

**blankspacejrr** (10): gorgeous song

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (10): This is me every time I don’t want a song to win a rate but also can’t in good conscious tank it.

**dreamingpastel** (10): Another song that I love but fear is going to get severely underrated.

**goro\_akechi\_apologist** (10): For some reason this is really hitting me now that I’m rating it, if we did this rate earlier it would've probably been like 2 or 3 points lower but yeah no there's some power here

**n00bi3pjs** (10): I wish I hated this song

**nooodisaster** (10): Like I cannot get over how tender this entire album sounds. This is real life. Fucked up, no clear villains, just a rot that grows until you either live with it or leave.

**PSSST12** (10): One of her best written songs. This will be the best song in this album of inntro didn't exist.

**RandomHypnotica** (10): every album of hers has one song i will cry on a train to and this is the one

**runaway3212** (10): Another fucking spill

**Stryxen** (10): basically fuck my life

**Nerfeveryone** (9.5): Beautiful song, LOVE when her voice breaks on the second chorus.

**EtenKillbeat** (9): vulnerable Ariana at her best

**sweetnsoursauce11** (9): i've cried to this more than once lol

**wathombe** (9): just beautiful

**jimmyrollinsdurag** (8.5): kind of sounds like a ballad from a modern broadway show, like a ""the last five years"" situation. I like the rushed way she says ""I wish I hated you"" at the start of the chorus

**modulum83** (8.1): ok max hit that ringtone beat yeah that's right

**apatel27** (8): Take notes Taylor

**team\_kockroach** (8): People generally seem to think this is a weak point on the album, maybe because that riff is mixed a little loudly, but I thought this one was quite beautiful! I hope it makes it to top 25 in this rate.

**blueberries929** (7.1): reheated goodnight n go's nachos a lil bit

**innuendo\_overdose** (7.1): ooh, the Wii Shopping Theme? I love that shit

**agreen3636** (7): ouch damn Ariana my heart

**buildingigloos** (7): I unfortunately relate :(

**CrimsonROSET** (7): same

**frogaranaman** (7): it's weird being on both ends of this equation

**mustwinfullgaming** (7): We're onto the chiller songs on the album. It's definitely not one of my favourites but the production with her voice is good. It's quite stripped back but it sounds gooood. 7/10

**Verboten\_Prince** (7): She sure knows how to be relatable

**wasian-invasion** (7): me watching switch 2 videos on youtube when its sold out within 100 miles of me

**Soalai** (6.8): The girls love to do those spaceship sounds, don't they

**ConnerY2323** (6.5): the best parts of this are done better elsewhere on the album

**IIIHenryIII** (6.5): I wish it went somewhere…

**jackisboredtoday** (6.3): gorgeous vocals but the song they’re singing is kind of light on anything to take away from it",3.0
mz178w4,Brilliant-Primary500,Thank god it was the worst song from ES,1.0
mz16zw3,Brilliant-Primary500,Please don't be one of my faves...,1.0
mz16rm9,seanderlust,This next one is such a robbery.,1.0
mz15z4i,Fair-Profile-8367,"With ordinary things out, my guesses on which songs for each artist/album would be out first was accurate. Now to see if my last out will be accurate.",2.0
mz15o5k,seanderlust,"# [#45: Taylor Swift - Florida!!! (feat. Florence + The Machine)](https://imgur.com/a/Tf9VEQ0)

---

**Average:** 6.792 **// Total Points:** 889.8 **// Controversy:** 2.256

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/fcP8iSG) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/sZLbddZF)

**Highest scores:**

(10 x14) ahsweeknd, Alternative\_Yam\_2699, asadprofessorplum, Awkward\_King, BleepBloopMusicFan, ChrisAqua, Dilemmaofahedgehog, ignitethephoenix, ImADudeDuh, krusso1105, Nagisoid, SFbby, Stryxen, the tortured flava department

(9.7 x1) RandomHypnotica

(9.5 x2) FreeCuddlesAnyone, ricki

(9.1 x1) blueberries929

(9 x12) 1998tweety, apatel27, Danielqbf, dreamingpastel, Friendly-Canary-3814, goorry121, jirachi, joeeswift, lexiaredery, n00bi3pjs, pbk, Turpamutteri

(8.5 x8) ArcaneLabyrinth, DangerousPresent96, Frajer, goro\_akechi\_apologist, jaztinax, medusaOP500, Restless\_Dill16, stealthamo


**Lowest Scores:**

(2.8 x1) jackisboredtoday

(2 x3) bichonoturno, caaathyx, slimboyfriend

(1 x1) darj

(0 x1) pig-serpent


---

**pbk** (9): i’m kinda gagged this is day 2 bc i didn’t think people fucked w this one that hard but i guess the florence buff got it over the hill

**seanderlust** (7.5): It’s not bad, but I had much higher hopes for a F+TM collab. Their voices sound nice though, so at least there’s that. At least Taylor was able to ride Hurricane Florence all the way to (early) day two!

---

**ahsweeknd** (10): she was afraid to say Philadelphia

**asadprofessorplum** (10): Florence Welch innocent!!

**Awkward\_King** (10): yeah this is kinda the peak of this album and what it shouldve been centered around musically. imo. feels epic and also fragile and ironic but also earnest...... oh what could have been. thank u florence welch

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (10): She wrote a song about a US state that’s not California! Is that allowed??

**Dilemmaofahedgehog** (10): FLORENCE!! I do wonder how many states Taylor has specifically mentioned. God i love percussion! FLORIDA!!

**ImADudeDuh** (10): this winning the rate with a 9.032 average over YA YA, I gagged!

**krusso1105** (10): This is just a Florence + The Machine song for half of it which means it is good

**Nagisoid** (10): Quite literally the only good thing Florida has to its name I fear

**Stryxen** (10): she got florence in the studio and begged to try ethels wig on

**the tortured flava department** (10): florida is not the place to go rn but fuck it they sell it as the place a fugitive would want to escape to

**RandomHypnotica** (9.7): what the fuck do “little” babies smell like?? the pedo alarm keeps ringing

**FreeCuddlesAnyone** (9.5): ‘but this song is so empty and messy’ i don’t care drums go brr

**blueberries929** (9.1): LOVE LEFT ME LIKE THIS AND I DON'T WANT TO EXIST SO TAKE ME TO FLORIDA

**1998tweety** (9): kind of shrunk on me, need the Florence only version

**apatel27** (9): Can't go wrong with this sound

**dreamingpastel** (9): The drum bit after the ""Florida!!!"" is honestly the best, and it's part of the reason why I have a playlist dedicated to fun drums.

**n00bi3pjs** (9): Florence tries too hard and that makes the song amazing. I still don't know what the lyrics mean lol

**Frajer** (8.5): she's collecting ethereal witchy goddesses like Thanos

**goro\_akechi\_apologist** (8.5): The chorus on this song could've been handled a lot better. The huge, dramatic, crashing flourishes do add lots of thrill and complement the lyrics about chaotic, self-destructive escapades, but they also make the song sound muddy and unflatteringly messy. Still, Florence’s performance is an absolute delight here, and her and Taylor have a fairly decent amount of chemistry here that makes the song a blast to listen to.

**jaztinax** (8.5): very concerned that her friends either smell like weed or little babies - what is the demographic here?

**stealthamo** (8.5): This is like the one time on the album where the production actually has weight behind it.",3.0
mz15grq,seanderlust,"Thank you all for coming. Now as the form you signed attending this rate said, before the next elimination you will just need to hear a brief 90-minute talk about this fabulous timeshare opportunity in a vacation hotspot...",2.0
mz14790,seanderlust,"# [#46: Ariana Grande - ordinary things (feat. Nonna)](https://imgur.com/a/fSNl3b0)

---

**Average:** 6.787 **// Total Points:** 889.1 **// Controversy:** 2.166

---

[Rank Graph](https://imgur.com/meJ6IVY) // [All Scores](https://pastebin.com/P6umik0y)

**Highest scores:**

(10 x11) ahsweeknd, ambitiousbulbasaur, ChrisAqua, Dilemmaofahedgehog, doctypeppy, dreamingpastel, goorry121, guts\_spilled, jirachi, kauai6, wathombe

(9 x15) BleepBloopMusicFan, ChopperRCRG, DaHumanTorch, DangerousPresent96, FitzMarble, Frajer, innuendo\_overdose, Last\_Slide, MikeOcks, nooodisaster, nt96, Poydoo, PSSST12, Sallynoraa, sweetnsoursauce11

(8.5 x2) Restless\_Dill16, team\_kockroach

(8.3 x1) pheromenos

(8.2 x1) stealthamo


**Lowest Scores:**

(2.5 x1) pig-serpent

(2 x2) iM\_a\_cAt\_i\_sAy\_meOW, SnoreLux1

(1 x1) Content\_

(0 x3) card114, IIIHenryIII, uiscebeathaoir


---

**pbk** (6.5): i honestly think this is one of the better songs on the main album and im not really sure what it’s doing as ari’s first cut? but most of this album is already way too high for my taste so whatever at least we’re cutting SOMETHING. also rip nonna i chose not to highlight any of yall’s comments about her because nobody knew they would age poorly the moment the rate closed

**seanderlust** (6.5): rip nonna, congrats on making day 2 queen &lt;3

---

**ahsweeknd** (10): this gives the vibe of “oh yeah, we’re rich, so this relationship stuff isn’t as bad”

**ambitiousbulbasaur** (10): This had potential to be my 11 in a world where AMERIICAN REQUIEM didn't exist. I love the sort of funky production with those HORNS, it hooked me immediately on first listen and my affection hasn't waned since. The lyrics of the second verse are so good. One of my favorite Ari songs now, and an excellent closer for the standard album. I also am a sucker for spoken samples and the inclusion of the conversation with her nonna is a perfect button on the project while also effortlessly summing up what she was trying to say with the whole thing. Chef's kiss!!!

**Dilemmaofahedgehog** (10): i love most spoken parts on albums !! And i just like how this works seamlessly to be about her grandmother or family or a partner

**doctypeppy** (10): Yeah

**dreamingpastel** (10): Having Ariana's grandma pop up somewhere in my Spotify Wrapped was a very real fear of mine.

**wathombe** (10): easily my favorite track on the album, this would be my 11 if cowboy carter weren’t in the rate

**BleepBloopMusicFan** (9): Queen of Pop Nonna ended your flop faves.

**Frajer** (9): enough champagne to fill the Pacific

**innuendo\_overdose** (9): NONNA I &lt;3 U, COME TO IRELAND!! SIGN MY TITS!!!!!

**nooodisaster** (9): I don't give a fuck!! The beat hits, the drop hits, the lyrics hit, the ending is cute &amp; the thesis of the album &amp; ties back into the intro. It's just a great song and a great closer.

**Sallynoraa** (9): five for the song and four for the nonna's verse that touched my heart

**sweetnsoursauce11** (9): so i was in japan a few weeks after this album released with my fiance and this song was perpetually in my head the whole time bc it's so true!!! any activity with my lover is never ordinary!!!

**team\_kockroach** (8.5): Another full-sounding trap beat that I love to bits! Nonna’s spoken-word bit works well to cap the album off, just like that spoken word part at the end of Beyonce’s Lemonade.

**pheromenos** (8.3): take nonna off this pls

**stealthamo** (8.2): Waiting until 2088 for Taylor Swift to take Nonna's record for oldest person to chart on the Hot 100.

**cinnamonpretzel1989** (8): wise words from Nonna for real

**darj** (8): this feels like taking a page back to the sweetener/tun era so maybe that’s why I’m drawn to it more. Also shout out Nonna

**goro\_akechi\_apologist** (8): It's good but you know what would've made it even better? A FUCKING BRIDGE

**jimmyrollinsdurag** (8): loses points because I don't like the way she pronounces ""ordinary""

**Verboten\_Prince** (8): Me when I fantasize about being rich

**modulum83** (7.8): the nonna voicemail is maybe the single most well-written and affecting moment on the album and that's exactly the backhanded compliment you think it is

**nonchalantthoughts** (7.6): would Nonna be the oldest rate artist?

**oh\_crow** (7.5): ooh it feels so short with the end being the clip, i'd listen to another two minutes of the actual song",3.0
mz13zfn,seanderlust,"All right, let's kick this bitch off!

But before we begin, check in - when was the last time you called your grandma?",2.0
mz12l6z,Brilliant-Primary500,"As long as Guilty As Sin?, Bodyguard &amp; We Can't Be Friends collectively reach Day 3, I'll fucking celebrate.",4.0
mz12kxt,seanderlust,"we're gonna get started in just under ten minutes! before we begin, what song deserves to be first out?",1.0
mz0z7sk,DilemmaOfAHedgehog,Dun dun dun,6.0
mz0z4as,jaztinax,omg ari avoiding day 1… i feel so validated rn,4.0
mz0x72a,ktajlili,Kind of wish I had remembered to submit my ballot. :( I practically finished rating all three of these but didn’t know when it was due,4.0
mz0wp9v,Snoo_35242,oh post malone is taking it,3.0
mz0worn,Frajer,If Taylor escapes unscathed today I will add a raffle to diary pop,6.0
mz79f94,xChaoticOrigin,Can the girls and gays get this guy out of here pls,192.0
mz79ihv,mcfw31,"1. Morgan Wallen - I'm the Problem (186k) (=)

2. ATEEZ - GOLDEN HOUR : Part.3 (105k) (NEW)

3. Lil Tecca - Dopamine (48k) (NEW)

4. SZA - SOS (48k) (+1)

5. Morgan Wallen - One Thing at a Time (40k) (+3)

6. Sabrina Carpenter - Short n’ Sweet (39k) (+1)

7. Brandon Lake - King of Hearts (37.5k) (NEW)

8. Kendrick Lamar - GNX (34k) (+2)

9. Morgan Wallen - Dangerous: The Double Album (32k) (+4)

**Problem is also the first album to spend its first five weeks at No. 1 since Poets perched in the top slot for its first 12 weeks at No. 1 (in May-July of 2024), of its total 17 weeks at No. 1.**",33.0
mz7e267,Particular-Yoghurt81,"I know Lorde won’t topple him, but I can’t wait for her drop regardless. Gonna my #1.",24.0
mz7ff42,Zvakicauwu," Benson Booney save us, be our Joseph Smith!!!",28.0
mz7dhsh,friendshippaul,SOMEBODY PLEASE DO SOMETHING OMFG,30.0
mz7exlv,maxwell_winters,"Benson Boone, save us.",17.0
mz7bxyj,connerhearmeroar,Keyword is “straight”,19.0
mz8an9c,NoYoghurt8083,"He is, god I hate seeing his name pop up! ",5.0
mz7gbdz,rickyrat777,Fuck this racist bozo and his boring music,18.0
mz88i8a,witness_smile,I am so sick of this racist,2.0
mz9hs4g,Cactusfan86,"I’m sure he’ll keep it up for weeks more, America has such shit musical tastes",1.0
mz7ebhi,nimsuc,Will Karol G be able to knock him out of the top spot? Or someone else??,-1.0
mywi38s,AutoModerator,"**Please do not comment on just the scores without any further explanation. Comments that refer only to whether the score too high or low, or are along similar lines will be removed**

Please report any comments that are low effort discussion. Thanks!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
myyscw8,betteroff19,"The problem with Benson Boone is that he is inauthentic. Before Beautiful Things blew up, he was a normal guy wearing jeans and a T-Shirt making love songs. After the song became a hit, his label made him take on this Harry Styles/ Freddie Mercury persona where he’s wearing these shiny jumpsuits and doing backflips everywhere.",193.0
mywkx7q,SiphenPrax,"I listened to it like two hours ago. I have never been one to hate on Benson Boone because we do need some Gen. Z male pop stars and are badly lacking in that category, and I’m of the opinion that we give these kids chances to become great acts.

But yeah, I’m sorry, I can’t defend this album. Outside of “I’m Sorry I’m Here For Someone Else” it’s pretty mediocre at best and bad at worst. His debut album was better and that was only okay at best, so it’s very disappointing to know he not only didn’t improve with his sophomore outing but regressed too.",634.0
myx1y6h,Dakota1401,"I liked Mr Electric Blue a LOT, the rest of the album was okay but it wasn’t anything that I’d put on my playlist. Except maybe I Wanna Be The One You Call",47.0
mywtlpf,Fabulous_Pound915,"Im curious to see how it does on the charts.  I dont think there is a beautiful things but as a whole its better than his debut...imo. his debut he added ghost town and in the stars to bolster its performance.  This album as a whole seems to be doing better on the charts.  

I do think he has lyrically regressed but I think that the real problem is he wants to do fun pop rock now but doesnt have the right team to do that. 

But I still like the album and really like wanted man and Mr. Electric blue. Its too bad he didnt take off with songs like what was and coffee cake because those are better songs.",98.0
myytceo,Safe-Moment-2884,I don't feel anything when I listen to his music. nothing. I don't believe one word. the music itself sounds very karaoke. it all feels like cosplay. Where's Harry Styles when we need him?,22.0
myyfcyq,uiuuauiua,"I saw an ad on TikTok of his interview explaining that Moonbeam song and when writing it, he had writers block and his writing partner just blurted that part out, and they said sure let's do that.

If that's the general vibe of how this was written and produced, I can only imagine how bad it is. I think he could actually be a decent popstar. He can perform and his singing is fine, but the music...

It seems to be an issue with most new acts imo. Not all but a lot of them, their music is actually the weakest aspect of their package. It's all watered down to appeal to everyone on TikTok, while taking zero risks. I feel the same way with Katseye. Their music is always missing something but they are great in most other aspects. The chorus of their new song is just so bland.",41.0
mywtcgr,whimsigod,"Mystical Magical for autoplayed when I started a Radio for Vanish Into You (not recommended, they are just slotting in new releases, the only fun songs are Gaga old tracks herself or Jade) and I thought it was an okay at a hook but too reminiscent of something else.

Could be good for a general public but for someone who mostly only listen to pop it'll just drives me to seeks out that other sound instead of his.",48.0
mywm43p,zweigson,"Is his image even fun though? Dressing up in a Party City ""copyright free 80s rock star"" costume and doing backflips to every song isn't really that fun.",410.0
myy62y6,carbonpeach,Nothing about Boone feels organic or authentic. Including the amount of people on this subreddit saying they love the album.,84.0
mywovv0,GinjaNinja1027,"He’s still trying to find his niche. He’s 22; he’s got plenty of time. I think he needs to stop letting his voice define him, and focus more on the music and the lyrics. To me, the best songs on the album are the ones that do just that. He’s trying too hard to be the next Freddy Mercury, but he doesn’t the tunes to back it up.",159.0
mywywuh,PretendMarsupial9,"I honestly really like his album. Idk I'm fine having basic taste, this is a fun pop album that's easily on par with albums like Short N Sweet. But I've accepted i have taste that differs from this sub when I listened to Addison Rae and found her overall kinda boring. ",55.0
myxbvi1,slothfrogs,The fact that there is more discourse over this man over Alex Warren/Ordinary (a man with an even blander image and song) is outrageous 😭 Mystical Magical isn’t that bad of a song save for *that* lyric,18.0
mz61ra0,Western_Gear_5324,"I’ve never seen a try-hard and a so unauthentic artist as him. So boring, yet he’s all over the place like a attention seeker from high school and still can’t manage a decent success by any means. Next.",4.0
myxfuvz,mikdaviswr07,Holy molwy. The opinions that you guys are registering here are better than this paid lunacy from Variety. Bravo!,8.0
myx6bga,Alexilprex,"Can y’all pump the hate breaks? I wasn’t a fan of every track, but Mr. electric Blue, Man in Me, and American heart are great pop songs. I think people need to take step back and view him for what he is: a young guy who has been famous for approximately a year with no experience on how to he famous.",30.0
mzfhx4l,hulaman11,"Benson really had the chance to become the american harry styles. This album is bad, and short. Maybe 2 good songs off this. Nothing like his last album where there were so many great unique songs. He better do an EP with some hits cause this is not good for him.",3.0
myx7xzj,PsychoHag,"The Benson Boone hate feels very forced. At this point it just people like people are dunking on him just for the likes and validation online. I’ve never listened to a full song of his until today actually. I’ve heard the chorus of Beautiful Things and seen the backflips and bulge, but never listened to a full song. Is it my thing? Not really, I’ll probably stick to my Divas… but is what he doing particularly egregious? Like seriously? Does he do anything other than sing his little songs and wear light clothing? Am I missing something? Did he kill someone?",34.0
myyk9r4,Disastrous_Mud7169,Does he annoyingly cursive sing on this one too? Or did he learn to speak English?,6.0
myx24ak,BernardSanders6,His image isn’t fun either. It’s just cringey. We probably won’t hear much about him anymore after Beautiful Things falls off the charts. None of his other singles have come close to Beautiful Things success.,7.0
myz6oi0,JBGoude,Wow! People hating on a 22-year old who probably sings better than their favs and who has done absolutely nothing to get the hate he receives 👏🏻,3.0
myxv3vm,latenightdoubt,Im defending this without listening because omg we neeeeeeeed him!,0.0
myz18e3,according2jade,I listened to it yesterday. It was good background music and I enjoyed it.  He’s fun and has a Voice and it sucks that he gets all this hate for existing.  ,1.0
myzklsq,Vicariouslynoticed,"I don’t get the Benson slander,he’s hated for what? Is it because people hated beautiful things or it was overplayed?  So was lose control but teddy swims don’t nearly get as much hate. (No shade to Teddy).

I love Benson,his recent album is not better than his debut the forced hate is ridiculous.",2.0
myxwvy7,upstairs_dawg,"personally I really love this album, amazing vocals, interesting production, decent lyrics",0.0
mz3vlcz,colorful_assortment,My favorite thing about him is the backflips. Like... I'm never going to be able to do one so I find them EXTREMELY impressive and fun to watch (and scary).,1.0
mz4ugyy,Heedictated,"Some of y'all Americans are really high and mighty, which I suspect has to do with the whole ""beacon of the world"" thing and you guys getting to take the ""moral highground"" of the last world war and emerging as the victor of the Cold War, but the current administration and all its decisions make it all the more ironic when placed in contrast with the times when you are so easy to judge and have a black-and-white view towards other countries' citizens. So many times have I seen Americans (progressive or not) berating people in countries they consider oppressive/dictatorships, asking why the fuck aren't they moving away, claiming they are all complicit and to fuck them all, and arguing with any comments that tried to explain the real-life situations and complexities. And yeah, I can see how that worldview is appealing. It's much easier to label somebody as the evil villain and call it a day. It's also a highly idealistic way of looking at global politics. I wonder how many who left those casual comments actually joined the protests now, let alone packing their things and leaving the country while the current president bombs another country?",7.0
mz428y0,[deleted],"The US are such a joke, what the f is even going on at this point? I hate conservative politics in my country, or any country for that matter, but Trump’s conservatism literally trumps anything. Can’t even keep up with all his bullshit.",6.0
mz40w0y,Powerblue102,Streaming K-pop in these trying times. Anyways gonna block Faux news for my parents cuz I’ve just had it. Don’t care if they scream. These “news” reporters are fucking blood thirsty demons.,5.0
mz3uh0e,ShoeOpposite8947,Do yall think this will escalate further? I really hope not. Cause in 2019 the US killed an Iranian general and we didn’t escalate. But maybe the inclusion of Israel’s direct war will change that?,2.0
mz3skxg,Latrans_,"Just saw a tiktok about a girl stating that the US wouldn't go into war against Iran and the comments were like: ""Babe, let me tell you something funny that just happened...""

I rushed into here to confirm the news, and... Welp.",3.0
mz3dyrr,oOWalkingOnAirOo,"To feel better I’m watching a nature documentary comment by Ryan Reynolds, and a goose that looks like a dodo bird just accidentally kicked the off of a cliff. It’s the second child they lost due to stupidity. The commentary is grade A. 

Saying that though just makes me miserable because the current administration is trying to get rid of the FDA and food regulation  😞",3.0
mz39wtb,blu-brds,"My friend and I ended up ordering Chinese takeout and starting We Were Liars. I've read the book but she hasn't so it was really fun to see her react to the show in real time. 

Haven't processed the news but my mom texted me about it during the show.",5.0
mz39e27,stypop,world war 3 before new rihanna album……………,5.0
mz37cm1,COCKHAMPTON_,I really hope the SCOTUS brings back don't ask don't tell before the draft starts,8.0
mz35owd,hennybee,It’s been 10+ years of dealing with this man’s bullshit and the sociopolitical chaos he continues to create like when IS IT GOING TO END?????? i’m tired man 😭😭,19.0
mz3276z,[deleted],[removed],6.0
mz31009,oOWalkingOnAirOo,I’m just gonna remember all the people telling me I was overreacting and laughing at me last summer. Begging people to vote. It’s so upsetting to feel so helpless. To have failed.,9.0
mz2yjbc,evaan-verlaine,anyone else face down on the floor streaming holiday by green day on repeat? just me?,10.0
mz2xt85,NewAccountNow,"Alright yall, we’re fucked as fucked can be. Im already seeing draft meme videos",7.0
mz2wjqg,Straight-Meaning,This is horrible… I hate my senator and house member so much for kissing his ass!,20.0
mz2w8a6,DilemmaOfAHedgehog,I wish i could explicitly complain about the weird shit my congress members do without making it obvious where i lived,15.0
mz2omsk,bespectacIed,Help I can't get hold my hand outta my head,3.0
mz2ohc3,EJB515,This is not the Y2K revival we were asking for,20.0
mz2oghl,ScallionSmooth9491,I can't wait for Tom Breihan's retrospective on Lose You To Love Me.,2.0
mz2n88p,stealthamo,"Even though I knew I was, I just quickly double checked to make sure I'm too old to be drafted.",10.0
mz2mmxk,untitledmanuscript,fuck fuck fuck is average americans are now screwed even more than we already are,13.0
mz2mkih,Bikinigirlout,"Remember the “Donald the Dove; Hillary the Hawk” headline from 2016…….

Real banger title there Maureen Dowd",12.0
mz2lim5,zazataru,Sooo the US just bombed Iran.,13.0
mz2ldnd,kaylakoo,wellllll fuck,8.0
mz2l85y,Bikinigirlout,so……. I guess the US is at war with Iran officially now……..,11.0
mz2j90k,NewAccountNow,"Mangonada for $10 is insane, no? Gansito and Mazapán shake that price as well. The world is truly fucked",2.0
mz2cse0,Bikinigirlout,"New York, Boy Crazy Remix and Attention! are gonna easily be my songs of the summer",1.0
mz2893t,dvd-cube,"Hey guys, for anyone that's watched or seen at least a couple of her videos, have you seen Rowan Ellis's [recent video](https://youtu.be/Fa8NMcHmp_g?feature=shared)?",1.0
mz237ro,agarret83,Genuinely why does it seem like every single bachelorette trip in my Instagram feed looks the exact same,3.0
mz231un,Even_Risk566,Benson Boone’s Man in me is soooo similar to Teddy Swim’s Bad Dreams (at 1.25x) — or am I crazy?!,1.0
mz20o08,HowDoIWhat,"Out and about today, I’m hoping that I interpreted the parking sign correctly and that parking is *enforced* 7AM to 9PM and not that the lot is *open* 7 to 9.

I’ve never had trouble at that lot, but I saw parking enforcement there for the first time today.",1.0
mz1yc24,blu-brds,"I had my sushi/museum day! I overslept a bit because I was up late talking to one of my bffs on the phone, and I almost didn't go. But I decided to just move my itinerary around and IT WAS AMAZING!

The sushi was great, I hadn't eaten there in 3 years and the Yelp reviews were...not kind but I experienced the exact opposite (food was fresh, they asked if I wanted a specific type of sushi put on the train when the review said they asked and got attitude). I bought a little screen print from the university I graduated from, my advisor from my masters program at that school lives in town and we would've met up but he and his partner were going to the museum later than I could stay. 

The museum itself was fantastic. I was moved almost to tears just thinking about how great all the exhibits were, and how long it had been since I'd done something like this when I used to make that trip and do those things every other weekend. I'm definitely going to start putting aside money where I can maybe do it more regularly. 

While I was there a friend asked if I wanted to come over and have Chinese takeout or pizza since she and I live down the street from each other now. At first when she texted I wasn't sure I'd want to after driving 90 minutes back home...but I also think it will fill my happiness cup so I'm going to do it, I think.

All in all, exactly the kind of day I needed :)",3.0
mz1y63j,pressurehurts,"Working with people is making me such a hater. How much lying, bargaining, deceiving, crying, raging, etc. people are willing to go for... almost nothing? Like something that has a much clearer and simpler way to achieve fairly?? But they are willing to put 10x effort, offer to break the law while doing so, to achieve it somehow else, because...?",11.0
mz1pda9,ginganinja2507,its too bad ER came out in the 90s bc they didnt have the vision yet to make dr. lewis and dr. weaver into toxic doctor yuri,7.0
mz1ob5f,picclechinahhboi,Jesus Christ David corenswet is so damn hot,2.0
mz1k04w,PastaSupport,Conservatives on r/popheads saying that bad bunny should keep his nose out of politics instead of raising awareness on ice raids in Puerto Rico...  😬,29.0
mz1ihkn,DilemmaOfAHedgehog,One must imagine Sisyphus happy,8.0
mz1fxof,backupsaway,"Youtube, it's great you're trying to be inclusive with that translated audio track but please fuck off. I just want to watch someone play with vintage Japanese toys. I don't really need to understand what they're saying.",3.0
mz1f1pj,kerriekipje,song of the day and 172nd addition to my 2025 playlist is **Red Flavor by Red Velvet.** Happy first day of summer! (at least in Europe),6.0
mz1bp4a,thiique,"Question for the culture - are music critics important to the culture (have they ever been)? I fail to see their need and impact today, other than affirming what some segment of the population already thought about a project, but any critique/rating would've had that effect.",7.0
mz179ah,Valuable_Extent_4859,"Tw: Chappell Roan discourse, NYC mayoral election, rambling thoughts ?

Read at your own risk lol

&gt;!So I'm not sure if you guys are tuned in, but on Tik Tok the audio of Chappell saying her ""fuck trump but fuck some of the shit that has gone down in the democratic party..."" etc etc is going viral, which is interesting...I don't really understand why people brought it back...I guess it was kinda funny and she could've expressed her point a lot better. But anyways, in NYC the two front runners in the democratic party are Andrew Cuomo and Zohran Mamdami. Cuomo, of course, former governor of NY and had to step down due to sexual harassment allegations. Mamdami, on the other hand, is a young socialist. Mamdami is an underdog who has recently surged in the polls due to his great videos on social media and endorsements from politicians like AOC and Bernie Sanders. Jessica Ramos, a senator who was also running for mayor and who I have always considered progressive, has recently endorsed Andrew Cuomo. This came as a shock to me and many others. Anyways, it seems like Cuomo and other democrats are scared of Mamdami's rise. They're trying to paint him as anti-semitic, photoshopping his beards in ads so he looks ""scarier."" It just has me thinking a lot about the democratic establishment and how out of touch they seem to be with their base. It seems to me that they just want to keep the rich in charge and the status quo in check. So yeah...fuck some of the shit has gone down in the democratic party. Rank Zohran #1 please New Yorkers!!&lt;

No idea if this made any sense. But whatever.",15.0
mz0zu59,pressurehurts,"Whenever I go to a cafe with a peer who worked as waitress at 18 it's the worst. It guarantees a 15 minute interrogation of a waiting stuff, 10 unasked and unprovoked advices, and a hella lot of moaning because apparently some place that is closed for 5 years and had poisoned the whole town at least once is the golden standard. ",5.0
mz0z8j4,leavingthekultbehind,That black floss is so good. So happy I tried it,2.0
mz0xwh0,Fair-Profile-8367,"I’m curious how BTS will do here in the west when they comeback. K-Pop as a whole has become less popular here but also BTS were one of the biggest reasons why it was so big. 

Something I’ve noticed is how much people downplay BTS’ success. I only know Dynamite and Butter by these boys but there were bigger then people give them credit for. I see people claim it’s just fans buying everything but that just feels disingenuous. I’m in K-Pop fandoms so I know how obsessive they can be, the Army especially, but to essentially discredit them entirely over it is so weird.",7.0
mz0wblz,[deleted],[excluído],1.0
mz0w2km,ktajlili,"God damn. Here in North Carolina we had a really nice spring this year with most days in the 70s and then June rolled around and it got really hot. It’s 89 today but supposed to get up to 98 on Tuesday. I think the fact that it’s been so nice makes it feel so much hotter. Walking outside feels like hanging out in Satan’s asscrack. 

I guess I shouldn’t complain because at least I don’t live in Phoenix where going outside during the summer is unbearable. Dry heat my ass. 98-114 degrees is hot AF even without the humidity.",7.0
mz0v38l,DilemmaOfAHedgehog,Honestly right before a heat wave was a good time for me to finish a cake meant to be eaten ice cold,6.0
mz0rgyx,oOWalkingOnAirOo,Had a popsicle and that’s the only reason to like summer.,4.0
mz0qlct,visionaryredditor,PinkPantheress dropped a partially animated video for a random throwaway song. Mfs who use AI don't have an excuse for their laziness 🤦‍♂️,11.0
mz0n76f,cosmicsuperstargirl,lowkey wanna go to thailand but it's so hot nowadays i don't wanna go anywhere,5.0
mz0mj9d,hennybee,"I love that frutiger aero is having its moment, because I genuinely love that aesthetic and it reminds me of my childhood, but I also think we moved on from vaporwave (and seapunk, but that one was never as huge) too quickly 😔",8.0
mz0kf0a,ItsGotThatBang,I found a baby snapping turtle 🐢,8.0
mz0k89i,Fractal-Infinity,"For the 1-2 Pixey fans on Popheads: check out these professionally recorded videos with 2 songs performed at BBC Radio 1's Big Weekend 2025. Her enthusiasm is infectious and the songs catchy as hell.

* Bring Back the Beat: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2m5EAd2BJk8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2m5EAd2BJk8)
* The Thrill of It: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOlQjBhAQwM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOlQjBhAQwM)",3.0
mz0ivc8,jugheadshat,Okay can someone make me feel better and confirm the president doesn’t have the final say on declaring war…like someone can interfere and nullify his decision right?…right? 🧍🏽‍♂️,6.0
mz0hgdq,McIgglyTuffMuffin,"Going to be very honest with you all. I was very excited to consume as many oysters as my body could physically handle yesterday, and I did not do that. I let you all down. This is on me. Well. Really on the venue. The oysters were kind of subpar which was just a major bummer. I hit ten and realized I was just not enjoying myself anymore.",15.0
mz0f7ct,cosmicsuperstargirl,"there's a very real chance that my wrapped this year will have two garden of edens in it.. 

rachel chinouriri's garden of eden is just hitting btw. it's a very in your mid twenties having a quarter life crisis kinda soundtrack. and its still an amazing opener to an album that just keeps on giving",7.0
mz0bcjb,PlantDadro,"Yall I’m visiting someone that I know from work only (they suggested I should stay at their place) and they’re NASTY 😭 like not even the room I’m supposed to sleep in isn’t clean, there’s dust and used stuff everywhere yuuuck",8.0
mz0b5ob,PastaSupport,"cw: drag race

&gt;!Denali!&lt; absolutely lost that lipsync but I have no problem just saying it - I'm tired of seeing &gt;!Ginger!&lt; and she's already been &gt;!on 3 seasons of the show!&lt; like it's okay ru not everyone has to be a winner there are damn near a hundred girls to bring back but they keep calling the same ones.",4.0
mz09jq9,yourfacesucksass,"I think we’ve lost the power to create separate spaces in our own minds and lives. Everything is just all-consuming now. On the IKEA subreddit, where people ask questions and posts hacks, share complaints about products and this and that (because it’s literally just a subreddit about this store), someone posted a complaint about a drawer they bought that had the bar code printed on it and shared how they were “mildly infuriated” about how they wish it could’ve been a sticker instead. Then someone commented with a large number of upvotes, something to the effect of *you know what’s really infuriating - the fall of our democracy but I guess that’s not as important.* ?????

What point are you trying to make on a damn furniture post on a furniture subreddit? Yes, indeed we’re in the bad place, but we’re making ordinary people feel bad now because there are bigger things to complain about? We can still complain about anything. Complaining about furniture ≠ I love the state of the world! Crazy.",24.0
mz07tt2,Beginning_Bake_6924,"Max Verstappen can Ver-step-on-me

I’ll see myself out",4.0
mz068bi,stypop,fucking LOREEN of all people being added to the list of azealia’s opps is sooo….. 😭,11.0
mz059e3,mynameistoo_common,"I got myself a foot bath after debating for a while. still kinda feeling guilty bc it was $45 (on sale tho!!), but i also think i need it. i'm on my surgery rotation for med school right now, and i'm legit unable to walk at the end of the day. also p sure i developed plantar fasciitis as well :/ 

i also got new supportive shoes from Brooks. I had Hokas before, but somehow they just destroyed my feet. it was really disappointing bc like 75% of med students swear by Hokas for hospital shoes, but ofc I had to be in the minority they don't work for. Also Hokas are really expensive so that's $250 down the drain lmao I can't return them since I idiotically decided that I just had to ""break them in."" 

I think I might get more medical grade compression stockings. There was a day last week in which I felt dizzy after standing for a couple of hours. And that was the day I was wearing my normal compression socks (15-20mmHg) and not my medical grade ones (20-30mmHg).",4.0
mz04wuj,Agitated-Prune9635,"After watching Supercop again, I wonder how many people died filming Hong Kong movies back in the day. That motorcycle train jump and helicopter jump are ridiculous.",2.0
mz04l7v,xxipil0ts,idk why i never stuck around aespa bc i just heard whiplash (the mini album) and it's so good. i hope dirty work is just as good,7.0
mz04klf,SiphenPrax,"Congrats to Dua Lipa on headlining Wembley yesterday and today!

I never in million years thought after that girl gave us nothing that she would be an international pop force to be reckoned with.",11.0
mz04g66,throwitawayar,The way the Skin remix deserved more attention. Looking forward for all of the remixes but this one is already such a good sign. I think it deserved a better promotion and a better album cover.,2.0
mz04a09,xxipil0ts,my friend is selling mw his old iphone 13 for a super reasonable price but do i buy that or just wait till a xiaomi phone is on sale,2.0
mz040cb,cloudbustingmp3,sorry for being kpop garbage (not really) but fanchants make me so happy idk,9.0
mz035le,Astrid323,"So I tried Ruby chocolate for the first time and...I really liked it. But idk if my taste buds aren't that great or it was the brand but I didn't think it tasted THAT different to white chocolate (the only chocolate I eat, sorry I just don't like milk or dark chocolate whatsoever please don't kill me lol). I tried to looking up it's taste profile, apparantly it's supposed to have notes of fruit in it. Again maybe it's the brand or me, but I feel like it was more on the subtle side. Either way, I'd still eat it.


Also did anyone watch Cupcake Wars growing up? I remember watching it whenever it came on and always being excited whenever they got to do the displays. Though looking back, there's no way they got those displays done in 2 hours lol. Still really fun though (and makes me feel hungry for cupcakes and sweets).",5.0
mz01f8e,OtherwiseFrosting653,"so, Hammer is actually pretty good! she’s 2/3 for me now, praying that Virgin exceeds expectations!

(side note: what is it with Addison Rae and her odd feet obsession?)",6.0
mz01dk6,nlh1013,"Our primary bath is the dustiest room in the whole house. I think we need to change our vent filter but still, it’s nuts lol. When we redid it, I chose a black toilet and black faucet and accents like that, and I really regret it because it shows alllllllll the dust",4.0
mz01b48,survivorfan12345,"So much joy about New Music Friday! It's giving me life after a drought of Morgan Wallen bs!! Summer is here y'all!

Benson not bad (album giving summer-y vibes), HAIM great, sombr pretty good, Swedish House Mafia great, Lorde okay... hyped for the album drop, Fred again, Lola and Megan Moroney, kwn, the Kid Laroi have also dropped good songs",4.0
mz001lh,kimpernickel,The way *I quit* hasn't aged a day,9.0
myzy3k8,[deleted],[excluído],4.0
myzxuz3,stealthamo,"While it is nice to see movies get re-released in theaters, it is interesting to me that the three films that have gotten at least week-long re-releases this year have all been from 2005 (Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith, Pride &amp; Prejudice, Brokeback Mountain). I guess it does fit into that nostalgia window, but I do wish that older films could also get their time to shine.",7.0
myzx8h6,queenmeme2,"In Newport, Rhode Island today!! Haven’t been here in 9 years since my partner and i’s first real date ☺️ love this town",7.0
myzwy4x,oOWalkingOnAirOo,Good luck to everyone in the USA that’s dealing with the deadly humid heat. Remember take it seriously take it easy.,8.0
myzvf4t,ziirp_,"What do you know, what was that finally clicked for me. This goes to show that all you need is one really good song that will have people revisit your album and let the rest click from there",3.0
myzv8kv,Rouge-pavot,"Today's up: I sent a message to my crush and I didn't die!

Today's down: He's still very clearly hung up on his ex!

For ONCE i liked a man. Ffffff",8.0
myzuv33,keljar1,It's my man's birthday today! Also the anniversary of the first time we got together lol. I was looking for a rebound after a shitty ex and got so much more than I could have ever imagined back then. It's been 16 years and I couldn't ask for anyone better. Happy birthday my love (who will never see this because he doesn't use Reddit) and here's to many more celebrations together!!,12.0
myztymw,DilemmaOfAHedgehog,"Please join me in doing an action item today to help Palestine! [Pinkwashing](https://www.jewishvoiceforpeace.org/resource/pinkwashing/) was coined by [Palestinian activists](https://decolonizepalestine.com/rainbow-washing/pinkwashing/)! There’s no pride in genocide   

alQaws a queer organization in Jerusalem published [Reflecting on Queerness in Times of Genocide](https://alqaws.org/news/Reflecting-on-Queerness-in-Times-of-Genocide?category_id=0) last fall. 

[Free reads for a free Palestine](https://publishersforpalestine.org/2024/01/10/16-free-zines-and-more-free-reads-for-a-free-palestine/) has some zines still free even almost two years later with a queer focus.  “Queer Voices from the Fight for Palestinian Liberation”, “Queerș pentru Palestina (luări de poziție, eseuri și poeme)”, y *Organizing for Palestine! A #ReadPalestineWeek Sampler* and talks about the history of the Toronto chapter of Queers Against Israeli Apartheid and of BDS organizing in Montreal.

🌎

[tell Microsoft to stop partnering with Israeli genocide!](https://actionnetwork.org/letters/tell-microsoft-to-stop-partnering-with-israels-genocide?source=direct_link&amp;) 

A [petition](https://diem25.org/petition-suspend-israel-from-international-sports/) from the BDS movement regarding the allowance of Israel in international sports has an accompanying paper that’s in both [English](https://diem25.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/2023-Petition-Suspend-Israel-from-International-Sport-Full-Statement.docx.pdf) and [Spanish](https://diem25.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/2023-Petition-ES-Suspend-Israel-from-International-Sport-Full-Statement.pdf) 

 [Please join the BDS movement in emailing the UN President about the urgent need to suspend Israel from the United Nations](https://bdsmovement.net/news/send-letter-unga-president-suspend-israel-from-un-now)

Workshops for Gaza is still selling books where all the proceed go to [supporting Palestinians in Gaza](https://open-books-a-poem-emporium.myshopify.com/collections/workshops-4-gaza-bookstore?utm_campaign=linkinbio&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_source=later-linkinbio), I believe they also have a donation link if you’d like to simply give. 

[North and Central Gaza: Food, Water, Diapers + Milk, Medical Aid](https://chuffed.org/project/help-us-deliver-vital-aid-to-gaza-families-in-need)

[Gaza Funds](https://gazafunds.com/?fbclid=PAZXh0bgNhZW0CMTEAAae5xeVHVqynHtDNpLu6ZXg2mTOjQ2sshdkE-UPm5aeKZpVTciKB_2zWbP5jhg_aem_hlmfwU7Ir07U2TLiLErSiA)

**Canada** 🇨🇦 

[petition for a **full** immediate arms embargo](https://armsembargonow.ca)

[Message your MP](https://armsembargonow.ca/actnow/)

**Mexico** 🇲🇽 
Perdóname mi gramática mala 🙇🏻‍♀️. Mexico tiene muchas organizaciones qué ayudar Palestina como  BDS Mexico, Semillas de Resistencia y muchas otras organizaciones especialmente locales en muchas ciudades (como GDL, CDMX, y más). Una acción directa ahora es # FirmasXPalestinaMX, es una petición romper las relaciones con el estado de Israel. firmas.Palestina.mx en Instagram informa sobre los lugares y eventos para firmar la Iniciativa Ciudadana para romper relaciones con el estado (por ejemplo ellos tuvieron un evento en Puebla en la semana pasada). 

Reddit comí el enlace real pero el documento mira como [este](https://imgur.com/a/Pu5IKst) y es disponible en la página de insta de firmas.palestina.mx

No se peticiones o más en otros países hispanohablantes pero, Colombia 🇨🇴 y Chile 🇨🇱 tiene organizaciones sobre Palestina y generalmente  sobre los derechos árabes como (Comunidad de palestina de Colombia, El Instituto de Cultura Árabe de Colombia y comunidad de palestina de chile) 

No se por qué la pagina en Instagram de El Instituto no existe ahora :( pero esto es su [sitio](https://incaco.org). Ellos tiene clases, y comparten libros y películas sobre países y gente árabe y ahora especialmente palestinas. 

También existe un organización de BDS de Perú 🇵🇪 y en muchos países! 

También tengo enlaces a unos libros sobre Palestina en español [aquí](https://www.reddit.com/r/popheads/s/j7tvsOAYJ8) 

Si tienes una cuenta de insta “let’s talk Palestine” tiene una cuenta en español también (con el nombre “letstalkpalestine.es”) Creo que también cuentas en otras lenguas pero no recuerdo cuáles ahorita. 

**United Kingdom 🇬🇧**

[Petitions](https://www.humantiproject.org/petitions/) some of these are templates but the website has features to find your MP, otherwise I do think if you are from a country not here and want help thinking of how or what to write to your officials, these templates can be a good start even if obviously they must be edited to refer to your country.  

**United States 🇺🇸**

[Tell you representatives to support Block the Bombs Act](https://actionnetwork.org/letters/block-the-bombs?source=direct_link&amp;)

[ACTION ALERT: DEMAND AN END TO ISRAEL’S TOTAL BLOCKADE ON GAZA](https://ajpaction.org/action-alert-demand-an-end-to-israels-total-blockade-on-gaza/)

[Call Congress: Let Aid In, Stop Forced Famine](https://www.uscpraction.org/action-alerts/letaidin)

[Tell Congress: Stop Arming Israel with My Tax Dollars](https://www.uscpraction.org/action-alerts/l0s3nahn01dpd08tg2v8941ywz6o64)

[FREE MAHMOUD KHALIL](https://action.aclu.org/send-message/free-mahmoud-khalil)

[DEMAND CONGRESS TAKE IMMEDIATE ACTION FOR AMER RABEE](https://ajpaction.org/demand-congress-take-immediate-action-for-amer-rabee/)

[Tell your Representatives and Senators: No more funding for genocide. No more ethnic cleansing. End U.S. complicity NOW.](https://palestine.salsalabs.org/actionfeb12)

[Tell Universities: Protect Student Rights, Reject Trump’s Order](https://actionnetwork.org/letters/protectstudents)

[Flood the Israeli Embassy with Letters Demanding Dr. Abu Safiya’s Release!](https://www.codepink.org/israelembassy)

🚨**Illinois** !! Please contact your state representative to repeal the anti boycott bill previously passed and Tell your State Representative and Senator to support HB 2723 [[Illinois Human Rights Advocacy Protection Act today.]](https://palestine.salsalabs.org/supporthb2723/index.html)

[AAdd your name to support the resolution recognizing the Nakba and Palestinian refugees’ rights!](https://actionnetwork.org/forms/add-your-name-to-support-rashidas-resolution-recognizing-the-nakba-and-palestinian-refugees-rights?nowrapper=true&amp;referrer=&amp;source=)



[SSend letters of support to Yunseo Chung](https://actionnetwork.org/forms/send-letters-of-support-to-yunseo-chung/)",6.0
myztj5y,Hopeful_Book,Who's the jackass that popularized criticizing fictional characters purely on a moral standpoint? I wanna talk to them.,9.0
myzte5e,DilemmaOfAHedgehog,"
Americans! Call your senators. Demand they back the War Powers Resolution. Switchboard is 202-224-3121!! [No War with Iran!](https://resist.bot/petitions/PLKIGI)

Please thank your reps for me if they're already a cosponsor 🙇🏻‍♀️

🚨[Urgent: Tell lawmakers to protect SNAP now](https://act.feedingamerica.org/R4tm8-kFxUGsSdn3peEvIw2) this is a link to email but please also call your congress members",6.0
myzt975,Technical_Process989,I feel like Lorde is gonna drop another mediocre album just like Solar Power. None of the singles are great,19.0
myzrlcc,ketchupsunshine,"Our little baby intern is simultaneously incredibly smart and also is lacking majorly in some ""common sense"" areas that are like...DEFINITELY a childhood neglect thing bc they're all very ""you learn this as a small child and if you miss that developmental window to learn it it never clicks exactly right"" and I rly wish admin/the org we're working with had actually prepped us.

Because I Can absolutely give her extra help...when I have time which I never do because this was thrown at us during the busiest time of year without warning + we were given no actual training in how to help these kids (all current and former foster kids) with the issues they're likely to have so I'm just some guy observing and making things up as I go.

Like idk maybe you should Tell Us that you're sending someone who struggles with the alphabet/doesn't know what alphabetizing means considering this is A Library and that's like 80% of what she'll be doing. She's learning quick but like!!! A quick check in with her and/or with us would've made this way easier for her!!!!

Anyway something something ""I've only had this kid for a day and a half but if anything happened to her I'd kill everyone in this room and myself"" this kid is GREAT I love her to death but every adult involved in setting up this Great Opportunity For These Kids is an asshole who did not do their due diligence and seems to want Good Vibes more than they want to Plan and Prep and Set Us Up For Good Outcomes. Which is perhaps the most common fuck up I see in this job but god get a grip PLEASE.",5.0
myzrak7,SignedByMilpool,Been jamming out to Madonna and Shep Pettibone's tracks/remix all morning. Them baselines just giving me life ughh 🚬🥴🤤,3.0
myzqt6z,sassst3phhhh,got up early to work in the garden before it got hot out and i still only got like half an hour of work in before i started sweating my ass off,3.0
myzqq8t,Senn_Kyu,"🥹 I found my JM6 Pro DAC dongle today!! I wanted to use this small bag to put my phone in since I wasn't wearing anything with pockets at home and the dongle (+ one of my fav earphones) was in the front compartment 😅 I really thought I'd looked through all my bags but I guess I forgot about that one. TBH I'd been contemplating on getting a new one since I missed it a lot; I'm so glad I didn't end up repurchasing. 12 dollars saved....

ANYWAY, another good if a little bittersweet thing today is that [Angerme's last Tsugitsugi Zokuzoku performance with Kamiko](https://youtu.be/lYw9xr9RtV4) was uploaded on their yt channel a few hours ago 🥹 I love all performances of this song so much! Kamiko made her debut in the group with the song. With her graduation concert last Wednesday, all of the members in the song's original line-up have now graduated from the group.",2.0
myzqeev,AndromedaMixes,I never thought I would ever say this but I genuinely don’t think I’ll be able to watch the new season of Ginny &amp; Georgia🫤 I’ve been seeing clips floating around online about one of Max’s storylines and I got really emotional watching them. I wouldn’t say that the clips are too triggering but watching some of them brought me right back to being in high school and experiencing multiple friendship break-ups. I may have to sit this one out. It SUCKS when you try to share your feelings with people who you think are your friends but they just call you too sensitive or too dramatic.,4.0
myzp5ku,EM208,"Daily reminder for everyone here. Touch grass sometimes 

Went to my little sister’s graduation and it actually kind of restored my faith in humanity and still gave me me hope that the world isn’t as bad as we think sometimes (I say this loosely lol). The teachers and students at her school are genuinely good people with good intentions. Good vibes all around.",17.0
myxuxcl,bureaucatnap,"There is kind of an apples-to-oranges comparison going on here because what Billboard has considered an eligible song entry for the Hot 100 has changed over time. 

Previously, the song had to be released as a physical single in order to chart on the Hot 100. Midway through 1998, Billboard began allowing ""airplay-only songs"" (i.e. album cuts) to count as well. 


And then streaming data being incorporated in the 2010s changed things massively again. ",73.0
myz28gf,VapidRapidRabbit,Kind of pointless now that entire albums chart on the Hot 100 due to streaming…,45.0
myxht4x,SiphenPrax,"Of all the big names in the history of modern music going all the way back to Frank Sinatra, I would have never guessed George Michael would have the best percentage to hit the Hot 100",17.0
myxjzll,skunkachunks,"Wait why is Britney not here?

She has 5/36 = 0.139 number one rate, higher than Elton John, Beyoncé, etc 

And she has a 14/36 =0.389 top 10 rate, higher than The Bee Gees, Usher, etc 

Congrats to all of these artists and I know Britney’s chart history is weaker than her cultural impact overall. But she def deserved to be on this list",33.0
myyztp8,stutter-rap,"I know they limited it to people with a good baseline number of number 1 hits, which makes sense, but if you want the best average overall - Bobby McFerrin hit number 1 with Don't Worry Be Happy and never charted before or since.",11.0
mz0o0ut,Nerfeveryone,Drake having 358 charting songs and 80 top 10 hits is absolutely ridiculous.,8.0
myxe22a,BadMan125ty,"George Michael OMG! 😳 

Also Whitney! 😍😍😍

Janet too 🙂

Those three show that sometimes less is more! ☺️

I’d like to see the ratios for hitting the top 20 and top 40. 👀 

George would likely be high there too!",13.0
myt8evy,JORDY_NELSONS_ASS,"Also this is incredibly specific, but I love that for just a moment, she captured the simple yet sublime joy of eating a sandwich while hanging out at a lake. Nothing hits like a lake sandwich.",311.0
myt1zw7,philofthepasst,"The music and visuals of this album are super astringent. It’s giving Tbilisi, Warsaw and Vilnius hipster. I love it but I get why others don’t.",736.0
mytac8z,tone_212,"I’ve had the song on repeat today, I think it’s great. The weird synth sound scratches my brain. 

This visual enhances the song, the best video of the 3.",45.0
myt2yh3,imbored78910,this is actually one of her best videos ever. it feels feels like it elevates the song in ways that both the What Was That and Man of the Year visuals don’t.,250.0
myt3bdf,bonnydelrico,it has been such a freeing experience to love all three singles she's dropped so far,496.0
myt3kg7,Independent_Owl_6223,"this is honestly outstanding (to me). i feel like the album vision is starting to make sense, esp since this is the first song on the album (straight into WWT). also the symbolism of her in the netting is so cool.

this song live is gonna be such a fun ride.",172.0
myt2oau,enemakarenina,"This video was SO evocative and impactful to me. The shots of her getting tattoo'd against the tree, the shot of her naked in the hammock, and the shots of her in the water with the sky illuminating were genuinely so beautiful. It's really like ... quite vulnerable. There's a grit w/ this one sonically and visually that captures the ethos of this record as she's described it perfectly. As someone Lorde-aged I feel like I'm connecting with the grime and excitement and rhythm and mess of being in your late 20s and still finding new parts of yourself. Leaning into the skid. Post-pandemic party baptism.",361.0
myt3g3q,melodrama4ever,The way this thread is already so positive versus the one from the last night... y'all just needed a video to digest it,211.0
myt6dq3,JORDY_NELSONS_ASS,Stunning! Absolutely loved it. Definitely solidified the song itself for me with the added visual context.,17.0
myt14j9,Olive-Connect,an actual budget this time around omg. wait i actually loved this,54.0
myt76ke,Vazefnier,the mv is giving grown up royals to me,39.0
mytdu7o,george_kaito,Watched this high and i get it now,35.0
myucykb,Soggy_Pension7549,Is it ovulation or is it love is a very valid question,16.0
mytrxbb,residEnteng,"I was criticizing hard on the track earlier but watching the visuals made me get the song and it is beautiful. I cried a bit watching the vid because I get it-Lorde is confused in this mess, she thought she figured it out after the things about Solar Power.


This is so raw, like literal raw with Lorde spitting on the car, peeing by the tree then the scene cuts to her partying... Like that is amazingly relatable 😭


I want to hear Virgin now 🥲",34.0
mytar6f,princeishigh,I love it. It‘s giving so much.,14.0
myur8a8,meditate-mcrae,it’s a sequel to the Perfect Places music video,12.0
mytg0g6,No_Pianist5264,Best song and best video from all the singles she has released. I can say I'm actually excited to hear how the rest of the album.,9.0
mytjhmu,ThreeTreesForTheePls,Really loving the complete polar opposites every time we get a song vs a music vid.,10.0
myuhwpc,wexpyke,very cool aesthetic,11.0
myt663u,StrawberryRoutine,"The first song from this album that I’ve actually enjoyed first time tbh! 

I think I saw someone saying she was in Hampstead, London, shooting this recently. Is that the Hampstead ladies pound, does anyone know?

If so, very interesting to shoot this there given the “sometimes I’m a woman sometimes I’m a man” of it all.",19.0
myytl29,kangaroobrandoil,It's a bad song.,10.0
mytcb20,Adam_Gill_1965,Fucking HELL!!!! LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!,17.0
mytv65p,nonsensestuff,"I was gonna say this sounds like an opening track for an album…. And then I pulled up the track list and it IS the opening track 😝 

I like it! I will say most of what I’ve heard from this record is hitting better for me than her last record. I’m looking forward to the rest of it.",8.0
myt5gyy,Alvin3792,"Video made me like the song more, but it still doesn’t feel complete. So far this is the single I like the most…but that’s not saying much. Unfortunately they are not having replay value for me.",46.0
myt5k28,EvrthnICRtrns2USmhw,"this song proves that hammer is intertwined with what was that and moty and that lorde is an artist ever evolving and not scared to do something different every era 


i love this song. this gives me a feeling that the entirety of virgin as an album will be phenomenal. amazing music video as well. this is her horniest music video",22.0
myt4f40,IExistButWhy987,"My favourite single so far, it’s so good. I wasn’t expecting to see her nipples in that hammock scene but I love how vulnerable she’s being in this era. The albums gonna be amazing.",24.0
myt4vcn,Rude-Mission-8907,"I think I found the reason why I am not vibing with the album. It's giving youngsters who moved to Berlin, found 'the meaning of life' and, are insufferable",117.0
myu8juo,Vicgermain1,i love this,5.0
myunouk,breakthebnry,I REALLY liked this video and it made me like the song so much more. it’s so captivating and hypnotic,5.0
myvm9ju,niles_deerqueer,"I can always count on these revealing videos to remind me of what a gay I am

Also there is NO way being in that net naked was comfortable

Love the song as always and am beyond ready for the full album",6.0
myt2dfk,inertia_creeps_,I love this sm,13.0
myt9z5h,connorroy_2024,"Bless all of you who are loving it! 

I personally feel like all three singles and videos are blending together at this point (not in a good way) and are vague and repetitive. And yes - I don’t get it at all.",21.0
mytm01g,Ardie_BlackWood,"I find it strange that the argument for those who don't like the singles is that we are too young to understand or that we just don't ""get it."" I'm in my early 20s, and I get the freedom and adulthood that's meant to be understood with this album cycle. 

I just don't really like the songs. 

There's something that's missing in the composition, I feel like it's supposed to be going harder. There's something lacking. We are holding something back. And maybe poetically, that's on purpose, but for me, it's just not enough. 

So, for me it's a bit disappointing as someone who likes music from lorde here and there.",39.0
myt5pw9,_NightBitch_,"This music video is way better than the other two she’s released so far. It has some beautiful shots, and it suites the song well even if it wasn’t what I expected. ",10.0
mywdkvo,blankspacejrr,"it’s giving stranger by the lake vibes to me.

I love the line, “ready to feel like I don’t have the answers.”

her pen game is strong, though I do wish there was a bigger climax to the song. 

maybe it’ll grow on me ",5.0
mywzjuk,connorooo,In love with this song and video,6.0
mytc3rz,SkellySkeletor,"The video absolutely elevates the song, much more so than the last two singles, but still sonically I’m left wanting from all of these. Can’t rely on the visuals for an inherently auditory experience.

I’m glad so many people are connecting heavily, but it’s just not landing for me and feels like a rehash of “I took shrooms and discovered a new side of me” on every song. It doesn’t feel manufactured, but maybe a little forced? Not genuine? I just cannot relate to moving to Europe and going through a spiritual awakening as someone close in age to her the way I could relate to her earlier music. 

My ass will still be sat for the album the moment it drops, but a little more worried each single that comes out.",21.0
mytftlk,Future-Forever,"Does anyone else see or hear the iamamiwhoami influence with this? Idk if there's a direct influence but def sounds familiar, not exactly the same but inspired by.",4.0
mywghxd,Davidiscool222,"Love this song :D

Especially the chorus

So catchy and hypnotic!",4.0
myvht0f,CinnabiteSprite,"Hm. This launch confuses me. Here we‘ve got a gorgeous, gorgeous video while the actual song doesn‘t draw me in much, both sonically and lyrically. It‘s also the only one of Virgin‘s singles released until now where I can understand the often uttered criticism that the production sounds flat - particularly noticeable in the 2nd chorus.

With WWT, I was instantly enamored by the production, could somewhat relate to the lyrics and loved everything about the video. That song led me to get some tickets for the upcoming show as soon as they became available.

I also loved MOTY‘s soundscape and intensity but didn’t feel much of a connection to the lyrics. And then the video came out and was received quite warmly here… and sadly it did absolutely nothing for me. 

Of course I‘ll wait until the album is out but I fear that Lorde‘s current persona just isn‘t one I can click with that well. That‘s not intended as any sort of criticism as it’s just a reflection of my POV and others seem to have better success so far. Still it‘s intriguing how I instantly connected with the intensity of PH and Melodrama, felt right at home with the quieter whimsy of SP, but can‘t seem to get into the Virgin-era conceptual landscape that much.",9.0
myt2rye,repeatrep,"i feel like the singles of Virgin so far is just so... not interesting. they sound fresh and im still gonna be there first day when it drops, but yeha",29.0
mytcbvu,crm2608,Bodychecking: the movie,27.0
myt9xd5,unholysainthood,"damn, the teaser, and the beginning really made me think we were about to get some hard Pure Heroine level beat to back that entrancing vocal sample, but here we are.",10.0
myy652q,Pure-Willingness3123,The intensity of the video doesn't line up with the muted beats and production of the song for me. The songs feel a lot more insular and introverted to me than these wild statement piece videos she's making for this album.,3.0
myt63gu,FlowersByTheStreet,"This is easily the best video of this era so far, but the song still kinda falls flat to me.

All of the songs sound like they are trying way too hard to me",20.0
mytlb7s,MoreShoe2,"Love the visuals, but all I can hear is Lindsay Lohan in Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen.",6.0
myu1m9s,OliviaGodrigo,i hate that she's kinda the queen of NYC gentrifiers this era but i live for this song and video,10.0
myulrw7,AcrobaticMethod8830,"the video is definitely helping the song grow on me. it's probably the strongest of the singles so far, but i still feel something missing. maybe I just gotta hear the whole project to really get it",5.0
myvf4v0,aleisate843,Theres a feeling of body voyeurism this era and I feel uncomfortable watching it if it makes any sense?,6.0
myt8a06,Unique_Doughnut_7463,"This is severely lacking melody, the rhythm is incoherent, and dynamically it is a wet fart. Her lyrics are just ramblings meant to sound poetic. It’s just not very good or engaging music. 

Stop letting these artists get by on visuals, fake hype, proximity to popular artists, and previous works of higher quality. 

If someone NEW were trying to break into the industry with this music, and a label were pushing them upfront to us, we would not be praising this for half a second. We would wonder what the hell they are trying to sell us. 

More power to the pop girlies. This ain’t it. There’s a reason Lorde gets no radio play, and it’s not that she isn’t releasing these songs to radio. We don’t want to hear this in a music rotation.",27.0
myvlf39,iswhatitbe,"I think everyone’s right when they describe Lorde this era as edging people with the songs so far—the music sounds like it’s rising up to a certain threshold, and threatening or promising to crest, but it won’t. That feels intentional to me because it gives me the very specific vibe of the lowkey numb-but-at-least-I’m-free feeling that can await you on the other side of emotional pain. Is it depression? Is it what comes after depression? I’m not sure, but there is a clarity of vision that comes with it, and a hardness, and an unwillingness to indulge too much, or a lack of interest. I’m backing up this interpretation with her (beautiful as always) lyrics, her tone, and with the videos. There is not wistfulness. That’s not what I’m getting at. It’s like the reverse side of self-pity. Feeling pretty lost but shrugging and enjoying it but not bursting with hope or abandon because you’re not that innocent anymore.",2.0
mytaown,Chartate101,"Question for the cis people here: Do you see the trans imagery I am seeing in this and Man of the Year? Claiming she’s sometimes a woman, sometimes a man. The distressing over pregnancy. The single art for man of the year looking like binding. Man of the Year basically being about “becoming someone else, someone more like myself.”

I’m not projecting right?",3.0
myxh6nw,TigerFern,"If you're going to build a song as a meandering verse and releasing drop, you have to deliver on the drop and not make me want to roll my eyes during the verses. 

Fails on both accounts here.",2.0
myyhn7h,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
myzat3x,cf80irl,Love MOYKA and love this!,2.0
myust79,viki13_,This made me realise I have no idea how Addison Rae looks like.,259.0
myuu2qo,Iceesadboydg,"This girl is everywhere, props to her publicist",220.0
myu5pek,droobidoobidoo,Addison is very cute and the minimal makeup makes her seem more approachable,330.0
myvxnmc,SuchCondition,Should’ve asked more hard hitting questions like why won’t she add a second Chicago tour stop date,33.0
myy77lm,AdForward7237,Addison Rae propaganda worked on me the second she dropped diet Pepsi and hasn't stopped working yet,27.0
myu9ztq,Fevaweva,"Addison Rae, coming from someone who only knows her from her music, seems really lovely.",146.0
myuck0z,whiskersRwe32,Addison is so enjoyable in her interviews. I love that she worked with the same female producers for the entirety of the album too. And I love that she appears and looks so normal like just someone you know. She doesn’t appear to “put on” which is nice.,97.0
myuc4zj,abovepostisfunnier,Addison is giving cutie patootie in this,54.0
myu9npm,yourbestfriendjoshua,"Addison is truly SUCH a (naturally beautiful) Rae of sunshine. And the amount of promo she's done for this album release... WOW. Columbia got her ass out there WORKING.👏🏼

Also, does anybody else find her laugh SO incredibly infectious and adorable?!🥹",81.0
myv8thj,uhohitzkenney,She was so real for the [Millsberry](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Website/Millsberry) mention,14.0
myyexm0,OBSW,Does every Gen Z girl have the 'Spider-Gwen' voice?,5.0
myv05k4,Pythagore_,"I think she's one of the most endearing and interesting mainstream voices in pop now, and to see that she's a lot of fun and smart as a whip in interviews too is really cool.",13.0
myz4x72,DerpCranberry,god every interview i see with her in it i fall more and more in love!!!! she’s such a cutie,5.0
myvbu5y,hay_qt,She’s so cute I love her lol,10.0
myxce67,Careless-Wrap6843,"I'm sorry but she just radiates Main pop girl energy, the propaganda is just working on me hard",6.0
myuqzxc,jacksev,This is so cute. Hurts even more that I couldn’t get tickets. 😭,8.0
mz2bzb3,Silly_Inspection7770,"""Aw, that's cute! Did you ever play Milsbery?""  
""No, what's that?""  
""Oh, nothing""  
\*silence\*",1.0
mzasrkm,1874WL,She seems like a really nice person to be around.,0.0
mzft732,Common-Inflation-662,she is soo naturally pretty,1.0
myywfvr,Unlucky-Arachnid-270,Is it only me or do you also think Addison was very mean w Amelia,-2.0
mz4h00t,yungsteezyyy_,trump supporter mind you but again y’all don’t dont care cause she fits your “pop star mold” of being quirky and WHITE.,-3.0
myz10g7,[deleted],[excluído],-6.0
myy904o,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
myy90th,ice_moon_by_SZA,"these two are the only ones doing the 2000s pastiche right

if you like this I highly recommend their [self titled EP](https://open.spotify.com/album/4vOI9qIaL2W5MN47FXnEFj). it's only five tracks but it is my favorite album of 2025.",9.0
myylk5f,arianagrandeintoyou,love this and loved their latest EP,5.0
myz3p3w,lagozzino,Oooh I like these guys. They scratch the same alt throwback itch that the last Hatchie album did. (i actually had to look up the band before commenting to make sure it wasn't just Hatchie's new band or something),7.0
mz1xw48,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Apple Music]: [After - Deep Diving](https://music.apple.com/us/album/deep-diving/1817975622 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Bandcamp]: [After - Deep Diving](https://after95.bandcamp.com/track/deep-diving?from=search&amp;search_item_id=903378480&amp;search_item_type=t&amp;search_match_part=%3F&amp;search_page_id=4432923974&amp;search_page_no=1&amp;search_rank=1&amp;search_sig=362126f679c0333a82f8ca71867eb379 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [AFTER - Deep Diving](https://www.deezer.com/track/3394289981 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [After - Deep Diving](https://soundcloud.com/after-band/8468292b-f82e-482f-9884-431d506c415d ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=after%20deep%20diving) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/After+deep+diving) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=after+deep+diving&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/after%20deep%20diving/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=after+deep+diving) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=After+deep+diving) || [YouTube](https://youtube.com/results?search_query=After+deep+diving) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=After+deep+diving)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
myuprs2,AutoModerator,"**Please do not comment on just the scores without any further explanation. Comments that refer only to whether the score too high or low, or are along similar lines will be removed**

Please report any comments that are low effort discussion. Thanks!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
myuqae1,[deleted],"Yes Walden, I heard the song too. What do you think about it though? Where's the critique? It's just a description. I pray to God he isn't assigned to the album review.",509.0
myurfkk,realpropertyhater,please do not let walden green be the reviewer of the album,191.0
myvy426,neo-erotica,this is gonna be the most 7.0 album ever,27.0
myvi76z,Scary_Solid_7819,They’re not talking about the quality of the music because they don’t want to overly telegraph the obvious 7.0,57.0
myutrcf,[deleted],I think having a site solely dedicated to reviewing reviews of stuff would be really fun and make these publications take things seriously.,105.0
myw5znt,kealoha,Feels like a paragraph is missing. Pitchfork’s song reviews are so weird.,12.0
myuqvyk,SiphenPrax,Unpopular opinion: I like it,122.0
myv70rh,PrydefulHunts,I love the production of this track.,9.0
myvplew,Daydream_machine,What even is the point? This “review” doesn’t say anything remotely substantial.,6.0
myuqscl,spongebobegnops,Another non-review from Walden Green. Disappointing after they just published a really great piece about the new HAIM album by Anna Gaca,60.0
mywa04t,gokurotfl,"Ok, it's still crazy for me to read someone referring to Lorde as ""an older sister to my generation"" in a review and I never felt older as someone who is just 2 years older than Lorde but was already in college when Pure Heroine was released.",6.0
myvg7iw,azgarz,"Pitchfork has some genuinely good writers, it’s baffling how this person got a job with them.",14.0
myx0ilu,recklesswanderer__,"Pitchfork Track Description: ""Hammer"" by Lorde",5.0
myvcurk,Nwirriwn,A very loose interpretation of the word review.. Anyway the one true review we need to be looking out for is Ajay’s reaction video 😌,9.0
myusj00,skiidyl,I don’t really take pitchfork that seriously anymore. I’m really liking Lordes new era so far,19.0
myv5cml,melodrama4ever,"Oh yes, two paragraphs paraphrasing her lyrics and call it good. I cannot STAND this guy and why the hell do they publish his work? You really can't get somebody who cares about music to write this?",5.0
myvmeym,letoiledunordstars,"as usual, not really a review",4.0
myvm2fl,Silly-Mountain-6702,choppin' broccoli,1.0
myyg5t9,machine843,Review where??,1.0
mz02ajt,surrender666,I’m sensing a 7.1-7.3. I think they’ll like it a bit more in full.,1.0
mzbjzee,naturallybuffbuff,I give this review a solid 2.0.,1.0
myvoe5y,tbhcorn,This is a review?,1.0
myv5ee0,Littleleaf6,I don’t like the song but I wouldn’t take pitchfork seriously. They gave Addison an 8 😂😂,-9.0
myyflj8,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mz1vbvd,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Apple Music]: [Florence Road - Fall Back - EP](https://music.apple.com/us/album/fall-back-ep/1820265751 ""Confidence: 94%"")

\[Deezer]: [Florence Road - Fall Back](https://www.deezer.com/album/771703611 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [florence road - Fall Back](https://soundcloud.com/florenceroad/sets/fall-back-861093505 ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=florence%20road%20fall%20back) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/Florence+Road+fall+back) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=Florence+Road+fall+back&amp;item_type=a) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/florence%20road%20fall%20back/album) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/albums?q=florence+road+fall+back) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=Florence+Road+fall+back) || [YouTube](https://youtube.com/results?search_query=Florence+Road+fall+back&amp;sp=EgIQAw%25253D%25253D) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=Florence+Road+fall+back)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
mywfev9,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mywqf7c,maxwell_winters,Do people still say YOLO?,35.0
myx2ui9,Alvin3792,Core memory from her Coachella set this year!!!! So fun,11.0
mz330re,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Apple Music]: [horsegiirL - YOLO](https://music.apple.com/us/album/yolo/1816279417 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [horsegiirL - YOLO](https://www.deezer.com/track/3382105591 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [YOLO-horsegiirL(coachella) -- uploaded by alexmfgoblin](https://soundcloud.com/aleksandar-pe-i-56631643/yolo-horsegiirl-unreleased ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=horsegiirl%20yolo) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/horsegiirL+yolo) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=horsegiirL+yolo&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/horsegiirl%20yolo/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=horsegiirl+yolo) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=horsegiirL+yolo) || [YouTube](https://youtube.com/results?search_query=horsegiirL+yolo) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=horsegiirL+yolo)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
myupfh7,harmanationn,This is exactly how I would shoot all my music videos if I was a popstar (flirty mess arounds with hot people).,101.0
myu8zyw,breadburger,the distortion is *tasty*,34.0
myukrq5,shookney,The contrast between comment section on this and indiehead is hilarious. I'm so glad popheads exist cuz indiehead really hate women,203.0
myvfab0,ShaolinFantastic13,"Between this and Clipse's ""So Be It"" im eating with all these banger music videos.",21.0
mytu5xz,enburgi,why does will poulter look so… hot?,82.0
mytskbv,SeoulsInThePose,Their wikifeet scores are about to go up,59.0
mytlee1,Square-Chart6059,Eyebrows!,20.0
mytjstw,I-Like-What-I-Like24,"my favorite track on the new record

gosh, I adore their melodic sensibilities",30.0
myzlurb,cake986,Will Poulter the man that you are!!!!,5.0
myu6tdh,lalalaundry,"That was such a cute, playful video",11.0
myx4v7q,Dramatic_Mastodon_93,THE HOT EYEBROWS GUY?????,4.0
myu7dxq,allthenviousfeelings,they should bring back jorma from the wire video,8.0
myu0xoh,leavingthekultbehind,I’m loving the aesthetics for this album!,15.0
mytrm4l,djingrain,will poulter jump scare lol,14.0
myunqgf,Historical-Wafer7579,MY GIRLS,6.0
myw3aqe,HermionesBook,One of my instant favorites from the album 🙏,2.0
mz1fu46,Nilosyrtis,The top youtube comment is a pyramid scheme ad and a bunch of replies affirming it. Wtf happened to YouTube,1.0
mytfqrx,No_Pianist5264,Wait did she say she was releasing an mv?? I like the surprise its one of my favs of the deluxe so goooood,84.0
mytmpi8,satirisanti,Love it but wish it was the full song and they had some extra footage to lengthen it to the full song length. I get the short film just had segments but it just feels so incomplete.,50.0
myu4hq7,treeface999,"I love this sort of visual. Dark abandoned rooms, indoor flooding, water reflections, the blue tone with accents of warm light. 

I haven't been keeping up with the lore if there is any, but this feels like the aftermath of the Eternal Sunshine memory removal process. I'm guessing the necklace is some sort of memory or token to keep from back then.",14.0
myx4vel,Daydream_machine,For some reason this song addressing Maika Monroe is really funny to me,3.0
myy07td,Healthy_Suit_2533,"This song is so incredible, I'm not an Ariana fan in any way but I've had this and warm on loop since they came out. Video is heinously ugly though... idk why some pop stars use so much CGI in their videos is just looks extremely cheap",0.0
mys5sqm,IExistButWhy987,"I love this song. Her music videos have been so great too, they’re so theatrical and her facial expressions in them are soooo good. I can’t wait for the album!",96.0
mys6ng4,EMfys_NEs,I think this is her strongest single since Angel last year. Strongest video for sure. Just look after look after look. I hope the UK or Europe can make this a proper hit.,92.0
mys6rfk,HolyPoppersBatman,"I really want this to be THE hit for her, because the song deserves it and more importantly, JADE deserves it.",91.0
mys80a7,uhohitzkenney,"Between the nods to [Madonna’s Don’t Tell Me](https://youtu.be/?si=KDH9DW-jV9kZyLTt) and [Roger Sanchez’s Another Chance](https://youtu.be/Pf4fiP7SQF8?si=gy_gtTR3HHnFXfjO) videos, it’s interesting that Jade associates this song to 2001 apparently lol. That being said, I’m really enjoying this era of pop stars who are true students and appreciators of the genre and paying it forward via references. She’s doing them *right* as a shorthand beginner’s guide to what’s shaped her own pop world.

If this doesn’t smash then the world isn’t right.",61.0
mys5zlz,Eggs76,Holy shit she does not miss. Just mesmerising. Have had the song on repeat all afternoon. I think this might be my favourite so far but it's a bit like picking a favourite child at this point.,120.0
mys59yh,curlypancit,Perfect. Flawless. Deserves as much success as Birds Of A Feather. Don’t let this flop!!!,94.0
mysii4x,Dislexicpotato,Best song she has put out since Angel of my Dreams in my opinion.,37.0
mys72md,fenellabeach,"LOVE how the heart keeps getting bigger as the video goes on, exquisite detail",31.0
mysa1uf,After_Help_2478,SO AMAZING - this is best yet. She is so so great and I really see amazing things for her and her career. The 2025 'Dancing on My Own'.,33.0
myseqpf,Media-consumer101,I think this might by one of my favorites she's done so far. Such a classic vibe!! I can't believe how many music video's we've already got and the quality has NOT dropped. This is everything I want a pop song/video to be!!!,26.0
myspfiq,jsweetxe,That synth build leading up to the second chorus and the way the synth then like.. explodes into the chorus. That’s MUSICCCCC right there,27.0
mysub27,blankspacejrr,"reposting from the other mv post: between stupid love, woman’s world, lovin myself by ava max, and now this, the pop girls love themselves a rumbling synth.   

of all of them, this might feel the freshest and most modern though. well done ms Jade🙌🏻love the choreo in this too",22.0
mysuhxx,Historical_Ad981,"She makes it so easy to stan, I love her",19.0
mys5sv0,SunflowerSian,Love it!!!,19.0
mys72nm,IndividualMouse4041,Perfect tbh!!,19.0
mysz1q3,norahday,"The treadmill and desert sunset green screen is such a great moment -- love how she is participating in but also pulling the curtain back on the artifice of popstar. So, so good.",16.0
mysbgyh,EconomySuccotash896,WOAH,15.0
myto3kb,mattysmwift,Pop perfection! She’s serving pure cunt with every song and video but this might be my favorite one so far.,11.0
mytul3q,EJB515,"A Don’t Tell Me reference? She’s taking it.

I love how much she loves pop music.",11.0
myv1pry,costalhp,"Ok i love everything shes released so far, this album is gonna hit me in the ear like a punch for sure. I hate to get my hopes up, but at this point theres no use denying how good it might be, especially since i usually love the deepcuts and im already in love with the singles.    
    
Also, how much budget are they giving her??! Like this far into the promo cycle without a definite hit, to still be promoting it with playlisting and radio push, music video, like??? They wont rest until she gets what she deserves and i love it!",14.0
mytk1c3,jacksev,I feel like she’s been teasing this forever and it was so much better than I hoped 😭,10.0
mysydmo,Traditional-Set-1186,Can't wait for the S.A.D. version!,9.0
mywjzio,kushywhitelife,"Jade has not released a bad song, and is really a pop star. she deserves all the success in the world for how hard she's been working and releasing absolutely bops.",10.0
myvjjse,PaintTheHoeRed,This is another hit. Perfection.,8.0
myvu7dt,AdNext7644,Absolutely love it. Reminds me of Robyn in the best way possible,7.0
myw0luw,90skid91,"Yeah, this deserves to be her second top ten. That chorus when it hits... damn.",4.0
mywb1dn,mrose1491,I love everything about this song and video omg,3.0
myydila,FunAlterEgo,Perfect. No notes. ,4.0
mzmqvg7,Altruistic_Equal_812,Are British radio stations playing her music? Why is none of it charting? It is so good!,3.0
myshdrb,Shokkolatte,"I think of myself as a JADE stan but I’m in the minority here I guess for thinking overall it’s her weakest song to date. The production is great but as an entire song I’m just not sold here. Not resonating for me how everything else has. I’ll treat it as rare misstep for me personally. 

She looks gorgeous here though and the video is a delight. I’m just ready for the full album at this point.",8.0
mz2z1sw,JustAd3762,LOVE HERRRR!!! 😭,2.0
mzleotn,Xrin8,"Love it and the song, although its not my favourite so far. Also as someone who gets chronic headaches/migraines I really want the hat that just says headache.",1.0
myvwhre,meditate-mcrae,The new old sound of adult Anxiety is the instrumental to Somebody I Used to Know,71.0
myvjler,Violet-L-Baudelaire,"I wasn't as into the singles as others here, but oh my god. This full album has surprised me, it's *incredible*. I've already listened to it twice straight through, since this morning and repeated a few bangers. 

I agree with the premise of this article that this is a breakup album, Millenial style, with touchstones in the great breakup songs of our boomer progenitors era.

I think Haim made that clear this was intentional by starting off with a George Micheal ""Freedom"" sample, and ending with one taken from U2. 

I think that's not the end of the references either, it felt like all of the songs had me connecting them to other phantom nineties breakup playlist tunes, ""Cry"" to me sounds like it shares a lot of DNA with Annie Lennox's seminal ""Walking on Broken Glass"".

I wouldn't be surprised if this whole album was built on the premise of the mix tape your bestie brings over with the gallon of ice cream to cry your heartbreak out. 

I hope they share their breakup mix tape with us some day 🙏",53.0
myvfjxi,theatlantic,"Spencer Kornhaber: “The often-cited statistic that 50 percent of American marriages end in divorce has long been overstated: The divorce rate started sliding from its historical peak way back in 1980. But the myth of the modern marriage being doomed to fail endures because it was seared into the cultural consciousness—like so much else—by Baby Boomers. After the sexual revolution of the ’60s and the legalization of no-fault divorce, they availed themselves of the freedom to leave their spouse—and then parlayed that experience into now-classic movies, books, and rock about going your own way.

“Boomers’ children aren’t getting hitched as easily, and those who do are less likely to split up … But Millennials do have their version of divorce rock: the softly grooving Los Angeles band Haim. The group’s three members have never been married, but their new album, *I Quit*, cleverly remixes the breakup-music canon for a generation that’s wary of tying the knot.

“Since their 2013 debut, the Haim sisters—Este (39), Danielle (36), and Alana (33)—have gained fame as pop celebrities who are fluent in TikTok and friends with Taylor Swift. Yet, as a rare band in an era of solo stars, they’re also a throwback. Haim’s songs blend the rollicking chemistry of Fleetwood Mac, the muscular femininity of Heart, and the mystic cheesiness of Phil Collins (with a smattering of new-jack-swing sparkle). But the sisters swap the earnest grandiosity of their influences for cheeky nonchalance, hinting that nothing they sing about is all that serious. In videos, they strut down streets like Tina Turner, except with all of Turner’s outsize emoting replaced by smirks. The band’s great 2013 single, ‘The Wire,’ is about ditching a perfectly nice partner, counseling, ‘I just know, I know, I know, I know that you’re gonna be okay anyway.

“Though the band’s lyrics have long been preoccupied with breakups, *I Quit* is the moment these Stevie Nicks disciples attempt their *Rumours*: a kaleidoscopic and questing pop epic about unraveling commitments (though made in circumstances of sibling solidarity rather than burning tension between bandmates). The three sisters were each single while recording the album, and have marketed that fact by sharing dating horror stories online. The most consequential breakup here is that of the lead singer, Danielle. In 2022, she exited a relationship of nine years with the producer Ariel Rechtshaid, who’d worked on all of the band’s previous albums. The split apparently represented both a personal and an artistic unchaining. Danielle told *ID magazine* that Rechtshaid took a ‘searching, labored’ approach to recording, whereas *I Quit*’s lead producer, Rostam Batmanglij, is ‘quick’ and ‘kinetic.’ The album’s title is meant to convey liberation: ‘The exit is also the entrance,’ Este said to *GQ*.”

Read more: [https://theatln.tc/3lZfkIDT](https://theatln.tc/3lZfkIDT) ",21.0
mywxjzb,StudioBlue23,Women in music pt3 was my AOTY in 2021 (sorry Folklore) and this is a great follow up. They consistently keep me interested.,9.0
myxed4u,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mz24zqc,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Spotify]: [Celeste - On With The Show](https://open.spotify.com/track/7eCGf54RZlK7XjxfhbIsgr ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [Celeste - On With The Show](https://www.deezer.com/track/3412534441 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [Celeste - On With The Show](https://soundcloud.com/celestewaite/on-with-the-show ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/search/celeste%20on%20with%20the%20show) || [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=celeste%20on%20with%20the%20show) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/celeste+on+with+the+show) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=celeste+on+with+the+show&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/celeste%20on%20with%20the%20show/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=celeste+on+with+the+show) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=celeste+on+with+the+show) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=celeste+on+with+the+show)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
myzirlv,kindalaly,"her album ""MEGA BBL"" is my AOTY so far, it's SO good",2.0
,,,
myx2ae9,ChrisAqua,This man clearly isn’t ordinary anymore.,65.0
myx617y,No_Pianist5264,Ik I shouldnt be shocked his music is blowing up but I figured between him and Addison I would have thought she would be bigger I'm not even a fan of her but I think her music is way better,40.0
mz0curr,JOAPL,Worst year for pop collabs?,19.0
myx6wqs,GinjaNinja1027,"Great… K-Pop’s involved now, this guy clearly isn’t going anywhere.",25.0
mywzwa3,droobidoobidoo,"I can't wait for the totally rational and well-balanced discussion on this post and when this song comes out! /s

But seriously, this is gonna do numbers!",32.0
mzb8ghe,Lord_Cockatrice,"That's gonna boost his numbers especially in SE Asia. 

Guy's not getting any headway in the region (especially the Philippines - usually a receptive market for that kind of music)",2.0
mz8ntos,[deleted],"So is this just gonna be a standalone single? Or part of his album? It doesn’t look like it’s a title for any of the tracks on his track list though….so kind of confused as to what this is for 😂

Edit: always rooting for ROSÉ though!",2.0
mywnv96,Bad_Subtitles,"Brand new PinkPantheress fan here and damn she hits so hard for me. Fancy That has been on repeat since release and now we get another banger with these windows 2000 ass visuals, just killer.",23.0
myuii3d,Weis76,This is the best surprise a Pinkpantheress fan could've got omfg,11.0
mz4jqsd,dxrqsouls,This is the best mv ever,1.0
myx7d03,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
mz27mad,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Apple Music]: [LION BABE - Flowers (Extended Mix)](https://music.apple.com/us/album/flowers-extended-mix/1817356191 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Bandcamp]: [Lion Babe - Flowers](https://lionbabe.bandcamp.com/track/flowers?from=search&amp;search_item_id=1145154730&amp;search_item_type=t&amp;search_match_part=%3F&amp;search_page_id=4433016247&amp;search_page_no=1&amp;search_rank=1&amp;search_sig=501acac490e941aa806994698d0ca590 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [LION BABE - Flowers](https://www.deezer.com/track/3390010611 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [LION BABE - Flowers](https://soundcloud.com/lionbabe/flowers ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=lion%20babe%20flowers) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/LION+BABE+flowers) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=lion+babe+flowers&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/lion%20babe%20flowers/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=lion+babe+flowers) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=LION+BABE+flowers) || [YouTube](https://youtube.com/results?search_query=LION+BABE+flowers) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=LION+BABE+flowers)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",1.0
myr6cmw,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
myrvzal,Blue-K0ala,"Omg, their first song over 3 minutes?! Congratulations! 💋💅😻👁️",147.0
myr8f17,hataraitaramake,Charli XCX is a credited writer???,336.0
myr9cu1,Key-Flow-5209,"This sounds like the song Camilla Cabello should’ve released after Havana in 2017 or at least some point in her career

Shit is a summer banger 🔥 Also it’s more than 2 min long which is a major W",288.0
myr6hbc,BriteDrift75,"Gnarly was the trap, this song and the rest of the ep are the payoff.",323.0
myr79hn,LaserMango,ugh this is even better than the original anitta leak. dani ATE with that spanish bridge too.,257.0
myr70mz,dumbestsmartass,"i love how different this is from everything they’ve done. they all sound great, esp dani on the spanish section",144.0
myr7rpn,IhateLukaDoncic,Jolene jolene joleeeeeeneee,94.0
myr7goh,gonewiththegustofair,Best song they've put out so far and it's not even close. So good,105.0
myr8oaw,dixoutt,I am so gagged Katseye trust you will be famous,132.0
myr8p5t,Emannyv93,"As expected it’s Daniela’s era. Can’t wait to see the live performances especially in the red fits. Also the zoom in on Lara during the chorus 😮‍💨 she’s breathtaking.

Charli XCX being credit as a songwriter, I should’ve known it was gonna be a bop for sure.",100.0
myrjspa,good_god_lemon1,No wonder Netflix keeps pushing that pop star show,49.0
mysl17v,Efficient_Summer,Jessica Alba is in the video!,22.0
myr85x8,Top-While-3509,Hands off Gabriela 🙌,61.0
mystz5n,benzenero,"I’ve gotta say their rollout plan completely worked on me. Heard of Touch but didn’t really pay attention. Heard Gnarly when it was released and thought oh honey these lyrics… But then the dancing videos really pulled me in and became obsessed. Then binged the whole Netflix show, follow all of them on instagram, etc and have been so seated for next release. Song of the summer IKTR",50.0
myr8351,JakeyWantsCakey,This is the type of summer anthem we’ve been missing so far this year! I hope it gets them a hit because they deserve it!,67.0
myrlehf,sinkingcar,"9/10 trackk!!

I unfortunately had consumed the leaks,,,, soo the song has been stuck in my head lol

But I love it in their voices. And Daniela's Spanish bridge is soo good, The backgroud vocals and the ad libs were very good.

 Waiting for the ep to drop now.",32.0
myrddlv,AhnSolbin,"The versatility from Gnarly to this was a great move. Their vocals getting to finally shine IKTR. They're literally everything we've wanted from a girlgroup tbh. Vocal power of a western group and the performance finesse of a Kpop group. 

Love how Dani and I think Lara? sing the bridge in Spanish.",59.0
myrnl51,bdtechted,Daniela’s era is upon us. Time for her to shine!,28.0
myrpc5v,godofnature,the charli credit gave me high hopes but i guess i expected something more like gnarly,31.0
myrbj6f,Browniecakee,This and My Way are my fav tracks of theirs,22.0
myrbl8q,Morg075,"Loved it right from the first listen. I’ve been trying to avoid spoilers, so I’m glad not everything was revealed ahead of time for me. The chorus is super catchy, there’s an actual bridge, and it’s just one of those songs that gets stuck in your head instantly, perfect for summer I might add. Knowing that two other tracks on the EP are around the same length has me even more hyped for the EP.",36.0
myraf2e,Amberwllow,this is soooo good! daniela definitely stood out to me in this,34.0
myrm3qh,TheGreatLake,Great song. Probably their best yet.,16.0
myubvve,blackcateater,Well at least it's not gnarly,13.0
mytauoj,[deleted],Andrew Thomas Hwang directed the video!,6.0
myrhad2,bek0wsky,"what a beautiful track, especially with the 15/10 that was gnarly this makes for an incredible one-two punch",19.0
myrc6kx,limecakes,"This sounds like it could have been on Britney Spears Glory album, or a Camila Cabello track. I really enjoyed it though",21.0
myri3n4,Dramatic_Turnip_5679,This video was insanely good - like there were LAYERS,16.0
mytpzti,breadburger,"video is hella fun, but the track gets pretty boring. obviously most things will be forgettable compared to gnarly but this just feels like a mid track from 2018 havana era",12.0
myu0dqh,Angrysalmonroll,"The songs not bad but I do find it boring and generic sonically especially coming off the heels of Gnarly.

While I didn't like Gnarly, I loved that it was a bold, divisive statement that didn't reflect mainstream trends.

This song on the other hand is very derivative of prior hits and feels like a bit of a cop out when they could have shaken up the tables again and done something forward pushing.",18.0
myrmc8i,milanumi,Oh they're  taking it! The chorus is so catchy and that bridgeeee,11.0
myrgf1b,etalynx08,Both Gnarly and Gabriela in one EP is crazy work. Oh they going to be big. ,21.0
myrogoj,RealJenniferKeller,This is gonna be a global hit.,14.0
myrpbbp,christopher_aia,This was fine! But honestly nothing special. Touch is still my fave from them.,11.0
myud60a,pikajake,the kpop bar is on the floor cuz only kpop artists can get away with this 2016 relic on the same album as gnarly,9.0
myy32ux,sam_up,Meh. Gnarly was cool but this could have been released by anyone. Not much to say about it other than it’s fine.,3.0
myzbc4s,Middle-Raccoon338,This might be a stupid question but whose Gabriela 😭,3.0
myuyftu,DSQ,"I love the Spanish bridge Dani and Lara did. However comparing this to the Rita Ora demo I think I prefer the Rita version because she has a more full voice. I also feel like the sing is a little dated. However Gnarly grew on me so this may as well. 

Looking forward to when the girls have lead songs written just for them rather than buying demos. Iirc only Debut has been an original song?",6.0
mywkn7w,k_millz0,I’m obsessed,2.0
mytyu7y,joshually,"i want them to become the biggest thing in USA, THEN the WORLD",4.0
mysup42,Colbylegacy,My favorite song by them!,3.0
mytk71r,peachy_goldfish,"Does anyone know of a similar female pop song to this? I KNOW there's one but I can't remember it for the life of me... it was  
\- some female pop artist, similar to Ava Max I want to say?  
\- name of the song was also a female name, or it was at least prominent in the chorus  
\- had the same ""don't take my man just because you can"" theme, NOT Jolene  
\- not Jolene because I swear it's a more recent song, 2020s ish  
\- also not the artist's title song it was probably in their album somewhere as a b-side track...

I can't let this go it's hurting meeee ugh",1.0
mywhfws,relientkenny,i need to give it more spins,1.0
mz8q61m,painterwannabe,"the bass part in the chorus reminds me of ariana grande's side to side's bass part, but different as to pitch!!! Love it nonetheless!",1.0
myr9oj2,yungsteezyyy_,"still waiting for them to sing… like surely we can add some belts, riffs, melismas things the girls are actually capable of. 

nobody wants to sing anymore smh",-8.0
myvoiem,lolabeanz59,"Ali Tamposi and Charli on the writing credits immediately gives reference demo writing camp teas. Once again, a song that zero of the Katseye girls have writing credits in. I definitely think they are label puppets that have no creative control. The K-Pop scene is definitely abusing their artists. Gnarly was a knockoff BRAT inspired song that sounds like something PC Music would’ve put out in 2015. Talk about dated! ‘Gabriela’ was demo’d by Rita Ora and Anitta. The Katseye group is just releasing sloppy seconds and reference demos.",-10.0
myucvyn,undisclosedthroway,Sorry you keep getting downvoted because of this man OP :(,202.0
myu95tc,IntelligentFact7987,"Even Sabrina can only hold off Alex Warren for one week. His hold on the public needs to be studied.
Would not shock me now if he reaches Wet Wet Wet, Drake, Bryan Adams length of time on the UK top spot ",114.0
myu84fj,racloves,"&gt;Alex Warren returns to No1 after a one week break courtesy of Sabrina, BTS’ J-Hope sees his highest solo chart entry, Olivia Dean continues to rise and older songs from Coldplay and the Black Eyed Peas appear on the charts thanks to TikTok virality. 

#this weeks top 10: 

1 Ordinary - Alex Warren (+1)

2 Manchild - Sabrina Carpenter (-1)

3 Love Me Not - Ravyn Lenae (=) 

4 Pink Pony Club - Chappell Roan (=) 

5 Dior - MK &amp; Chrystal (+12)

6 Family Matters - Skye Newman (=) 

7 Undressed - Sombr (=) 

8 Blessings - Calvin Harris &amp; Clementine Douglas (=)

9 Sapphire - Ed Sheeran (=) 

10 Back To Friends - Sombr (-3)

#top 40 new entries:

30 Killin’ It Girl - J-Hope &amp; GloRilla 

33 The Contract - Twenty One Pilots 

34 Suzanne - Mark Ronson &amp; RAYE 

37 No Broke Boys - Disco Lines &amp; Tinashe

40 Sparks - Coldplay 

#of interest:

11 Azizam - Ed Sheeran (-1) 

16 Nice To Each Other - Olivia Dean (+2)

18 One Thing - Lola Young (+1)

21 Party 4 U - Charli xcx (+3)

24 The Glen - Levi Heron (+2)

25 Fame Is A Gun - Addison Rae (-2) 

35 Rock That Body - Black Eyed Peas (RE)
 *****
You can view the full top 100 [here](https://www.officialcharts.com/charts/singles-chart/)                                                              
New to the UK chart? Want to know how it works? [check out my post here](https://www.reddit.com/r/popheads/comments/q2qm72/fbeverything_you_need_to_know_about_the_uk_charts_a/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)",32.0
myuhxyg,ice_moon_by_SZA,I went from being bored by this song to actively disliking it,113.0
myuvjan,movienerd7042,I thought this was over …. Even Sabrina couldn’t defeat this song for more than a week 😭,29.0
myv46g5,Admirable-Savings908,When I first saw that photo of him in the blue t shirt I hadn't heard his music and assumed he was some kind of EDM DJ. ,10.0
myw0z92,simulatedslug,"I disliked this song but having to hear him try to sing this live had made me despise it

  
take some vocal lessons for fuck sake",10.0
myupkcq,FMKK1,"Most of the songs that break the chart record are saccharine crap like Wet, Wet, Wet and Brian Adams so this makes sense in a way.",15.0
myvggdr,No_Barber4339,"I feel bad for the guy that this song will be his legacy he's not British enough be a big hitmaker like ed sheeran or even Lewis capaldi and I just know people will look back on this and say ""we liked this?"" In retrospect 


He's gonna disappear after a year all bets on that ",25.0
myvtu09,Big-Ambitions-8258,"I hate this song and how many shorts use it to try to emotionally manipulate me into caring about the ""ordinary moments"" of their life.


Yeah, they are ordinary and absolutely boring. Why is this a video?


This song is the equivalent of the live laugh love sign in homes",15.0
myvidq9,danielfq,What the actual fuck is so special about this song,12.0
myu9h4e,IntelligentFact7987,"Pleased to see MK is still going strong in the dance world. Though slightly surprised at how quickly Dior has made its way up the chart - I didn’t have it twigged as a mainstream hit. 

Though at least it’d adding some change week on week to the chart - it feels like half the top 10 hasn’t really changed since spring. ",5.0
myvcdbw,Slaine_kun,obnoxious tiktok song,7.0
mywbzzc,colourfulsevens,Charts are broken.,3.0
mywgyby,falafelandhoumous,Extraordinary,4.0
myv039z,adeadperson23,Fuck christian pop,20.0
myubqqi,No_Pianist5264,Lol looks like Sabrina's single might not stay at the top I have a feeling it might go down pretty soon its not as hitting as the rest of her songs,9.0
mywip6w,candyappleorchard,It's almost July. Is this really all we're gonna get on the radio until new Sabrina.......a week before Labor Day?,2.0
myv3y16,AllTheThingsSheSays,This makes me want to stream Manchild just to stop Ordinary getting to number one again next week.,3.0
myzq2zk,Windy_Idealist,Return of the king /s,1.0
mz72b8f,Status-Anybody-598,Any reason with the early look that it’s showing it dropping to #8? Is it because of the UK rules or whatever? Just saw them update the early numbers and it went from #1 to #8.,1.0
myv1p6x,kembowhite,Said it on a previous post and I’ll say it again “UK ARE THE WORST MUSIC CONSUMERS ON THE PLANET”,-3.0
myve3hz,Uptons_BJs,"Ordinary and Beautiful Things are fantastic examples of how music is shifting towards UGC - User generated content. 

  
Ok, so today's billboard (and most charts organizations') methodology is:

Single sales + radio play + streams + views of UGC with this music

  
Now go look at Tik Tok, Instagram Reels, and Youtube Shorts. 

  
How many short videos do you see with Ordinary as the background? Millions right? Every time someone views one of those, it contributes to Ordinary's chart score. 

  
Today it seems like the way to go is to appeal to content creators to use your song as background music in their short videos. I'm convinced that this is why Beautiful Things lingers on the charts so long - To this day I see freaking fishing youtubers use it as background music when they make a short of them pulling out a big fish....",-2.0
myvxhh7,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
myx9rwf,Hopeful_Book,"As somebody who really enjoys watching professionally shot concert videos, thanks for posting this here 😃",5.0
myuwy8q,Ghost-Quartet,This is more or less how I walk around when I'm listening to this album,7.0
myxrgab,coldblindjack,This album is pure perfection and I don’t know why more people aren’t talking about it,7.0
mywsqja,enburgi,"they are on a no missing streak, it keeps getting better",4.0
myv0j5h,sapphire1921,Omg ghost!!,4.0
myw30kw,christopher_aia,Banger,4.0
myvouas,augggie,"Love what she's doing with these videos so far - her alt-comedy/screenwriting sensabilties are really strong and work well for her, although I do think it edges into cringe at times. Excited to see what's next!",17.0
myvyv30,bwaan,"I liked this a little less than Sue Me but I think the video is really cute! I was hoping that there would be more of a build up as it progressed toward the final chorus, but the song stays pretty one note and there is no *true* pay off in my opinion, which is the same issue I had with Sue Me. I'm curious to see if her and Gracie will end up going head to head in terms of fame, or if Audrey leaning more toward pop than singer-songwriter will give her an edge.",8.0
mz17qoq,sourdrama,i actually like her wayyyyy more than gracie,9.0
myyaq3y,FunAlterEgo,I like her ,3.0
mz4e3xj,MusicMirrorMan,"*I am a bot. If you'd like to receive a weekly recap of /r/popheads with the top fresh posts and their alternative links, send me a message [with the subject 'popheads'](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MusicMirrorMan&amp;subject=popheads&amp;message=For%20a%20daily%20recap%2C%20make%20the%20subject%20%27popheads%20daily%27) (&lt;--Click the link. The bot can't read chats, you must send a message)*

\[Spotify]: [Audrey Hobert - Bowling alley](https://open.spotify.com/track/47I8eRmRwU4EUX3HUqhFfp ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Apple Music]: [Audrey Hobert - Bowling alley](https://music.apple.com/us/album/bowling-alley/1820452203 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Deezer]: [Audrey Hobert - Bowling alley](https://www.deezer.com/track/3413656901 ""Confidence: 100%"")

\[Soundcloud]: [Audrey Hobert - Bowling alley](https://soundcloud.com/audreyhobert/bowling-alley ""Confidence: 100%"")

**[Links to search pages]:** [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/search/audrey%20hobert%20bowling%20alley) || [Apple Music](https://music.apple.com/us/search?term=audrey%20hobert%20bowling%20alley) || [Amazon](https://music.amazon.com/search/audrey+hobert+bowling+alley) || [Bandcamp](https://bandcamp.com/search?q=audrey+hobert+bowling+alley&amp;item_type=t) || [Deezer](https://deezer.com/search/audrey%20hobert%20bowling%20alley/track) || [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?q=audrey+hobert+bowling+alley) || [Tidal](https://listen.tidal.com/search?q=audrey+hobert+bowling+alley) || [YouTube Music](https://music.youtube.com/search?q=audrey+hobert+bowling+alley)

&amp;nbsp;

^(I am a bot. To send feedback message /u/TheSox3)",2.0
myr90cq,AndromedaMixes,Yoonchae and Daniela are shining in this video. I really like how they’re leaning into the acting roles. It makes the video much more entertaining to watch and I like that they included storylines. Daniela’s Spanish verse is absolutely my favourite part of the song and it’s gorgeous. Manon’s styling is fantastic. Her red dress is probably my favourite outfit from the video. I really want to find out where it’s from😭 It’s so beautiful. The styling for the entire video is actually so much stronger than I expected it to be.,164.0
myr6wka,dumbestsmartass,"i’m obsessed with the drama, girl groups are so BACK",193.0
myr9a61,JakeyWantsCakey,"I love watching their growth, they’re such charismatic performers and seeing them sell the fuck out of every song and video they do is mesmerising! I feel like 10 years time they’re gonna be icons of Gen Z/Gen Alpha pop music.",178.0
myrdpes,AhnSolbin,Really fun they're spoofing 2000s telenovelas.,45.0
myrllvp,_NightBitch_,"Aw, this was a lot of fun. I haven’t heard anything from them before this, but really got me interested. Excited to start checking them out. ",48.0
myr79n2,Lopsided-Football-82,helpp the waymo was so random😭,88.0
myr72eu,BriteDrift75,You can tell they were having so much fun shooting this music video and I liveee,168.0
myrb49n,messrm00ny1,"obsessed. telenovela and jerry springer, a verse in spanish…this truly was made for ME. can’t wait to see what the performances look like for this.",69.0
myr796v,SarahJFroxy,they did this for the 2000s after school telenovela girlies (me),71.0
myr9nhj,hennybee,"The leaked Anitta demo had me a little less hyped for this, but they ate this up tbh. It’s totally different to Gnarly and their other songs in general, but it suits them so well. I’m so excited to hear the rest of the EP.

I really liked that they gave Dani a Spanish part 🥹

The MV is so over-the-top. As someone who deals with nosebleeds a lot more than I’d like to, Megan’s part made me feel some type of way 🥴 and the Waymo and Invisalign product placement was so silly lol. But it’s a good, campy/fun MV!!

I’m just so excited to see these girls continue to grow in popularity and as artists. They’re taking it, trust!!!!",75.0
myrsk8d,er0s94,"Fun is back, camp is back, girl groups are BACK",55.0
mys7non,andrewno8do,"The video is fun and the song is really catchy, though I do think that some of the video-specific audio bits detract from the song. My mind immediately goes to the song “Infatuation” by Christina Aguilera, which is a direction I feel like hasn’t been explored too often by girl groups. If they’re trying to carve out their own lane amongst girl groups throughout history, this is a great way of going about it. Do I think Gabriela will propel Katseye to pop stardom in the West? Maybe, maybe not, but oh my god they are RIGHT THERE.",24.0
mys0cnp,zyrether,holy shit does sophia only have one line in this,17.0
myrv116,Suspicious-Form8724,"Watched the video and lowkey thought it’s about the survival show they were in, with the perspective of those who were eliminated. And the “winner” is a cat, as in katseye(?). Just a wild thought.

edit: of course in a satire and comedic way, like a commentary to the creator of the show for “creating” the drama. Still, just a thought 😂.",46.0
myrnjbd,damemasproteina,Ok they ate this song and video up 💃🏽,27.0
myrd37f,AccurateSwim59,What does production have against Sophia? She’s barely in this :(,37.0
myr6yb8,MNLYYZYEG,"Daniela has a Spanish verse, pretty cool.

I can see this being a favorite of fellow EYEKONS/Katseye fans.

Loved seeing Jessica Alba as well, she was so iconic back then with her shows, so good.",51.0
myrhmo3,Astrid323,"I fucking love this! The song is a bop, and the MV is awesome! Didn't expect to see Jessica Alba in this but I'm hear for it.",28.0
myrcbzp,secretariats,Okay this is so fun!! Love Daniela's Spanish verse,21.0
mys8sr7,pawwwla,they killed this,15.0
mytlzag,Boogita,"I'm a simple girl; I see Grant Gilmore choreo, I cheer",7.0
myr8xh7,OliverQueer,Is this a remake of Jolene?,28.0
myrr7rn,PhotographBusy6209,"Why is 20 year old looking Alba looking for an heir 😂 apart from that, loved it",23.0
mysc5cq,Petrossian1920,"Dani’s bridge is so good omg!!! Overall, a fun release and MV",12.0
myr8nzc,aleisate843,OBSESSED,14.0
myrvpr0,ri_gry,Is this a title track? As I see the album isn’t available yet…,4.0
myvqy8f,maps-s,"I loved this whole video except I feel like I missed seeing Sophia ? I was waiting for them to show more of her reactions or something because I know she’s perfect for this telenovela concept but didn’t get to see her much. Anyways still love it, the BTS video is going to be hilarious",4.0
mytfd1p,pratica,"Yeah, they're clinching the world girl group title for Gen Z/Alpha. NewJeans almost had it and then killed any momentum they had with that court case (I say this as someone who thought Ditto was one of the best songs of '22/'23). 

Going from standard pop to hyper pop to more of an R&amp;B/pop combo? They have the range. They will be unstoppable.",18.0
mywkvf1,k_millz0,"10/10 video, I’m sat for this EP",5.0
mywt0sg,cake986,Close enough welcome back Fifth Harmony,5.0
myu9jwb,jord_mich,Great video but the song is boring as hell,13.0
n1vg9u6,happygoluckyourself,This video was fun but fell apart by the end. It feels a bit inspired by Sabrina Carpenter’s Taste video which is fun (the wedding scene especially),1.0
mysr3i0,Impossible-Ground-98,"I think it's time for me to just accept that I don't understand Katseye. The MV is just weird in unfunny way, and the music is forgettable.",-12.0
myv7qgu,AutoModerator,"If the stream can't be played it might not be out in your timezone yet. Please wait until midnight local time or EST (whichever comes first) and it should be available.


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/popheads) if you have any questions or concerns.*",1.0
myv8t9m,angelseason,"Loooove George Riley. This is her most pop track yet I think but I would also recommend Elixir, Skin, Sacrifice, Time and Desire to anyone interested!",7.0
myv7tzt,VarjakVoid,Just came across this and I don’t think it was posted when it released. I really like this track!,5.0
myvbxrc,saintzachariah666,"such a magnetic performer, loveee everything George Riley touches",4.0
myvfpnn,[deleted],Great song. Been listening since it dropped a couple weeks back. Proper pop perfection.,4.0
mywjozj,boopbeepbadoop,"according to a [post on r/MagdalenaBay,](https://www.reddit.com/r/MagdalenaBay/comments/1lg4b9o/two_new_songs/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=mweb3x&amp;utm_name=mweb3xcss&amp;utm_term=1&amp;utm_content=share_button) Grace Ives is rumored to be finishing up an album!! ives heads unite!",29.0
myw9gyy,pianotat,"Lizzo teased a new song with SZA on tiktok and it sounds rlly good

Kinda makes sense since their rlly close friends",24.0
myvxb8e,SiphenPrax,"Midweek Predictions for the Billboard 200 for the Week of Jun. 13-Jun. 19

* Morgan Wallen’s “I’m The Problem is expected to retain the Number 1 spot for a fifth consecutive week with 185,742 units sold
* ATEEZ’s “Golden Hour Part 3” is expected to debut at the Number 2 spot with 100,388 units sold
* Lil Tecca “Dopamine” is expected to debut at the Number 3 spot with 51,234 units sold
* Brandon Lake’s “King of Hearts” is expected to debut at the Number 6 spot with 39,373 units sold
* The Beach Boys’ “Sounds of Summer: The Very Best of The Beach Boys” is expected to return to the Billboard 200 at the Number 14 spot with 27,512 units sold following the passing of Brian Wilson

https://www.hitsdailydouble.com/news/charts/top-50-2025-06-20",17.0
myvwbft,backupsaway,"Mindhunter star Holt McCallany [gave an update](https://collider.com/mindhunter-season-3-movie-potential-holt-mccallany/) about a possible movie series to continue the show after speaking to creator and writer Davd Fincher:

&gt; ""So look, you know, I had a meeting with David Fincher in his office a few months ago, and he said to me that there is a chance that it may come back as three two-hour movies, but I think it's just a chance. I know there are writers that are working, but you know, David has to be happy with scripts.""",25.0
myvc0la,pianotat,Cardi B's new song 'Outside' has reached a peak of #1 of US Itunes and #15 on US Apple music,26.0
myuywpj,ItsGotThatBang,[‘Care Bears’ Movie in the Works From Josh Greenbaum at Warner Bros.](https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/movies/movie-news/care-bears-movie-josh-greenbaum-warner-bros-1236256552/),17.0
myusahf,rycbar26,"Vulture reviewed Benson Boone’s new album and they were unimpressed. I’m not a Booner but I do hope he can prove his detractor wrong. I’ll be watching out for more reviews. 

I like to judge for myself. But I am curious what Spectrum Pulse and Needle Drop will say. Anyone else I should watch?",30.0
myupecf,backupsaway,"Director Danny Boyle [shared in a recent interview](https://deadline.com/2025/06/danny-boyle-slumdog-millionaire-cultural-appropriation-1236438227/) he doesn't think he can make the movie Slumdog Millionaire in the current times due to cultural appropriation:

&gt; We wouldn’t be able to make that now and that’s how it should be. It’s time to reflect on all that. We have to look at the cultural baggage we carry and the mark that we’ve left on the world.” 

He adds that if he were to make the movie today, he'd hire an Indian filmmaker:

&gt; “That kind of cultural appropriation might be sanctioned at certain times. But at other times it cannot be. I mean, I’m proud of the film, but you wouldn’t even contemplate doing something like that today. It wouldn’t even get financed. Even if I was involved, I’d be looking for a young Indian filmmaker to shoot it.”",48.0
myukk5c,Frajer,The Batman 2 script is finally [done](https://www.worldofreel.com/blog/2025/6/20/the-batman-sequel-script-arrives-on-monday-as-warner-bros-eyes-january-shoot),28.0
